1. A) It is a typical salad
   B) It is a Spanish soup
   C) It is a weird vegetable
   D) It is a kind of spicy food

2. A) To make it thicker
   B) To make it more nutritious
   C) To add to its appeal
   D) To replace an ingredient

3. A) It contains very little fat
   B) It uses olive oil in cooking
   C) It uses no artificial additives
   D) It is mainly made of vegetables

4. A) It does not go stale for two years
   B) It takes no special skill to prepare
   C) It comes from a special kind of pig
   D) It is a delicacy blended with bread

5. A) They come in a great variety
   B) They do not make decent gifts
   C) They do not vary much in price
   D) They go well with Italian food

6. A) $30-$40
   B) $40-$50
   C) $50-$60
   D) Around $150

7. A) They are a healthy choice for elderly people
   B) They are especially popular among Italians
   C) They symbolize good health and longevity
   D) They go well with different kinds of food

8. A) It is wine imported from California
   B) It is less spicy than all other red wines
   C) It is far more expensive than he expected
   D) It is Italy’s most famous type of red wine

9. A) Learning others’ secrets
   B) Searching for information
   C) Decoding secret messages
   D) Spreading sensational news

10. A) They helped the U.S. army in World War Ⅱ
   B) They could write down spoken codes promptly
   C) They were assigned to decode enemy messages
   D) They were good at breaking enemy secret codes

11. A) Important battles fought in the Pacific War
   B) Decoding of secret messages in war times
   C) A military code that was never broken
   D) Navajo Indians’ contribution to code breaking

12. A) All services will be personalized
   B) A lot of knowledge-intensive jobs will be replaced
   C) Technology will revolutionize all sectors of industry
   D) More information will be available

13. A) In the robotics industry
   B) In the information service
   C) In the personal care sector
   D) In high-end manufacturing

14. A) They charge high prices
   B) They need lots of training
   C) They cater to the needs of young people
   D) They focus on customers’ specific needs

15. A) The rising demand in education and healthcare in the next 20 years
   B) The disruption caused by technology in traditionally well-paid jobs
   C) The tremendous changes new technology will bring to people’s lives
   D) The amazing amount of personal attention people would like to have

16. A) It was the longest road in ancient Egypt
   B) It was constructed some 500 years ago
   C) It lay 8 miles from the monument sites
   D) It linked a stone pit to some waterways

17. A) Saws used for cutting stone
   B) Traces left by early explorers
   C) An ancient geographical map
   D) Some stone tool segments

18. A) To transport stones to block floods
   B) To provide services for the stone pit
   C) To link the various monument sites
   D) To connect the villages along the Nile

19. A) Dr. Gong didn’t give him any conventional tests
   B) Dr. Gong marked his office with a hand-painted sign
   C) Dr. Gong didn’t ask him any questions about his pain
   D) Dr. Gong slipped in needles where he felt no pain

20. A) He had heard of the wonders acupuncture could work
   B) Dr. Gong was very famous in New York’s Chinatown
   C) Previous medical treatments failed to relieve his pain
   D) He found the expensive medical tests unaffordable

21. A) More and more patients ask for the treatment
   B) Acupuncture techniques have been perfected
   C) It doesn’t need the conventional medical tests
   D) It does not have any negative side effects

22. A) They were on the verge of breaking up
   B) They were compatible despite differences
   C) They quarreled a lot and never resolved their arguments
   D) They argued persistently about whether to have children

23. A) Neither of them has any brothers or sisters
   B) Neither of them won their parents’ favor
   C) They weren’t spoiled in their childhood
   D) They didn’t like to be the apple of their parents’ eyes

24. A) They are usually good at making friends
   B) They tend to be adventurous and creative
   C) They are often content with what they have
   D) They tend to be self-assured and responsible

25. A) They enjoy making friends
   B) They tend to be well adjusted
   C) They are least likely to take initiative
   D) They usually have successful marriages
