CET-6 Listening Answers (Q1-25)
========================================

Answer Key:
   1. B
   2. A
   3. D
   4. C
   5. B
   6. A
   7. D
   8. D
   9. C
  10. A
  11. C
  12. B
  13. C
  14. A
  15. B
  16. D
  17. A
  18. B
  19. D
  20. C
  21. A
  22. C
  23. A
  24. D
  25. B

Explanations:
----------------------------------------
1. [B]
   对话中,女士清楚地解释说 gazpacho 是西班牙的一种冷菜汤。虽然接下来女士对男士说把 gazpacho 理解为
   一种液体沙拉也是可以的,但这只是为了让男士对 gazpacho 有更直观的认识,不能认定为 gazpacho 是沙拉。因此
   答案为 B。

2. [A]
   对话中女士说,往汤里加入干面包是为了让汤口感更好,更浓稠。因此答案为 A。

3. [D]
   对话中,当男士问这种汤是否健康时,女士十分肯定地说它很健康,因为这种汤是以蔬菜为主要原料制作
   而成的。因此答案为 D。

4. [C]
   对话中,女士给男士解释 cured ham 时说,这是另一种西班牙美食。后面又提到这种腌制的火腿非常昂贵,
   因为它取自一种特殊品种的猪,而且这种猪只吃一种特殊的食物。因此答案为 C。
   Conversation Two
   M: Hello, I wish to buy a bottle of wine.
   W: Hi, yes. What kind of wine would you like?
   M: I don't know. Sorry. I don't know much about wine.
   W: That‟s no problem at all. What‟s the occasion and how much would you like to spend?
   M: It's for my boss. It‟s his birthday. I know he likes wine, but I don't know what type. I also do not want anything too
   expensive, maybe mid-range. How much would you say is a mid-range bottle of wine approximately?
   W: Well, it varies greatly. Our lowest prices are around $6 a bottle, (5)but those are table wines. They are not very special.
   And I would not suggest them as a gift. On the other end, our most expensive bottles are over $150. If you are looking for
   something priced in the middle, I would say anything between $30 and $60 would make a decent gift. How does that
   sound?
   M: Mm, yeah.(6)I guess something in the vicinity of 30 or 40 would be good. Which type would you recommend?
   W:(7) I would say the safest option is always a red wine. They are generally more popular than whites, and can usually be
   paired with food more easily. Our specialty here are Italian wines, and these tend to be fruity with medium acidity.
   (8-1)This one here is a Chianti, which is perhaps Italy's most famous type of red wine. Alternatively, you may wish to try
   and surprise your boss with something less common, such as the Zinfandel. The grapes are originally native to Croatia
   but this winery is in east in Italy and it has a more spicy and peppery flavor. So to summarize, the Chianti is more
   classical and the Zinfandel more exciting. Both are similarly priced at just under $40.
   M:(8-2) I will go with Chianti then. Thanks.
   Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览四道题各选项,由选项中的 gifts、wine 等词可以初步推测,对话内容与购买葡萄酒作为礼物送人有
   关,再结合第 6 题选项中的不同价格区间,第 7、8 两题选项中的 Italians、spicy、red wine 等词可以进一步推测,
   对话内容涉及意大利红葡萄酒,并且两人谈到了葡萄酒的价格、口味方面。

5. [B]
   对话中,女士对男士说,她店里最便宜的葡萄酒大约 6 美元一瓶,但这些都是普通的佐餐酒,没有什么特
   别之处,她不建议男士买这种葡萄酒作为礼物。也就是说,这种 table wine 不是体面的礼物,答案为 B。

6. [A]
   对话中,男士提到,他希望购买价格在 30 或 40 美元左右的葡萄酒。因此答案为 A。

7. [D]
   对话中,女士建议男士购买红葡萄酒,因为红葡萄酒通常比白葡萄酒更受欢迎,并且红葡萄酒与食物更容
   易搭配。也就是说,红葡萄酒可以与不同的食物进行搭配饮用,答案为 D。

8. [D]
   对话末尾,男士决定要买 Chianti(基安蒂红葡萄酒),而根据女士此前的介绍,Chianti 是意大利最有名的
   一种红葡萄酒。因此答案为 D。
   Section B
   Passage One
   (9)Many people enjoy secret codes. The harder the code, the more some people will try to figure it out.
   In wartime, codes are especially important. They help army send news about battles and signs of enemy
   forces. Neither side wants its code broken by the other. (10-1)One very important code was never broken.
   It was used during World War two by the Americans. It was spoken code, never written down, and it was
   developed and used by Navajo Indians. They were called the Navajo code talkers. The Navajo created the
   codes in their own language. Navajo is hard to learn and only a few people know it. So it was pretty
   certain that the enemy would not be able to understand the code talkers. In addition, the talkers used code
   words. They called a submarine and an iron fish and a small bomb thrown by hand a potato. If they
   wanted to spell something, they used code words for letters of the Alphabet. For instance, the letter A was
   ant or apple or ax. The code talkers worked mostly in the islands in the Pacific. One or two would be
   assigned a group of soldiers. They would send messages by field telephone to the code talker in the next
   group. And he would relay the information to his commander. (10-2)The code talkers played an important
   part in several battles. They helped the troops coordinate their movements and attacks. After the war, the
   U.S. governments honored them for what they had accomplished. Theirs was the most successful wartime
   code ever used.
   Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览三道题各选项,由各选项中的 Decoding、army、breaking enemy secret codes 可以初步推测,该短文
   与军用密码的破译有关,再结合选项中的 help the U. S. army、World War Ⅱ、Pacific War、military code 等词可以进
   一步推测,短文内容涉及二战期间美国军队在太平洋区域使用的密码。

9. [C]
   短文开头即指出,很多人喜欢密码。密码越难,他们就越想要破译出来。也就是说,很多人喜欢破译秘密
   消息,答案为 C。

10. [A]
   短文中提到,在二战期间,美国的一种密码从未被敌方破译。这种密码以印第安部落纳瓦霍人的语言为基
   础发展而来,没有书面形式,只是在纳瓦霍人之间口口相传。纳瓦霍密码员帮助军队协调行动和攻击,在战争中起
   着重要作用。由此可知,他们在二战期间给予了美国军队巨大的帮助,答案为 A。

11. [C]
   短文以人民喜欢破译密码开头,引出了二战中从未被成功破译的 Navajo 密码,之后短文对这种密码的编译、
   使用者、使用方法以及战后美国政府对这些密码人员的奖励进行了介绍。由此可以判断,文章围绕着 Navajo 密码
   展开,向读者全面讲述了这种从未被成功破译的密码,答案为 C。
   Passage Two
   If you are young and thinking about your career, you want to know where you can make a living. Well,
   (12)there’s going to be a technological replacement of a lot of knowledge-intensive jobs in the next 20
   years, particularly in the two largest sectors of the labor force with professional skills. One is teaching,
   and the other, health care. You have so many applications and software and platforms that are going to
   come in and provide information and service in these two fields, which means a lot of health care and
   education sectors will be radically changed and a lot of jobs will be lost. (13)Now, where will the new
   jobs be found? Well, the one sector of the economy that can't be easily duplicated by even small
   technologies is the caring sector — the personal care sector. That is, you can't really get a robot to do a
   great massage or physical therapy, or you can't get the kind of personal attention you need with regard to
   therapy or any other personal service. There could be very high-end personal services. (14)Therapist do
   charge a lot of money. I think there's no limit to the amount of personal attention and personal care people
   would like if they could afford it. But, the real question in the future is how come people afford these
   things if they don't have money, because they can't get a job that pays enough. (15)That's why I wrote this
   book, which is about how to reorganize the economy for the future when technology brings about
   destructive changes to what we used to consider high-income work.
   Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览四道题各选项,由 knowledge-intensive jobs、replaced、revolutionize、robotics、next 20 years 和 technology
   等词可推测,短文内容与未来 20 年科技发展给就业方面所带来的影响有关。

12. [B]
   短文开头提到,未来 20 年,一大批知识密集型的工作将会被科技所取代。因此答案为 B。

13. [C]
   短文中明确提到,个人护理领域的工作不可能轻易地被技术复制,即使是智能技术也不行。因此,将来人
   们在这一领域应该可以比较容易找到工作,答案为 C。

14. [A]
   短文中提到,理疗师们确实收费很高。因此答案为 A。

15. [B]
   短文末尾,讲话者说,她的这本书主要讨论的是在未来社会,当技术给我们曾经认为的高收入工作带来破
   坏性变化的时候,我们应该如何重新规划经济。也就是说,该书围绕技术对传统高收入工作带来的破坏性影响展开,
   答案为 B。
   Section C
   Recording One
   American researchers have discovered the world's oldest paved road, a 4,600-year-old highway.
   (16)It linked a stone pit in the Egyptian desert to waterways that carried blocks to monument sites along
   the Nile. The 8-mile road is at least 500 years older than any previously discovered road. It is the only
   paved road discovered in ancient Egypt, said geologist Thomas Bown of the United States Geological
   Survey. He reported the discovery on Friday. "The road probably doesn't rank with the pyramids as a
   construction feat, but it is a major engineering achievement," said his colleague, geologist James Harrell
   of the University of Toledo. "Not only is the road earlier than we thought possible, we didn't even think
   they built roads." (17)The researchers also made a discovery in the stone pit at the northern end of the
   road: the first evidence that the Egyptians used rock saws. "This is the oldest example of saws being used
   for cutting stone," said Bown’s colleague James Hoffmeier of Wheaton College in Illinois.
   "That's two technologies we didn't know they had," Harrell said. "And we don't know why they were
   both abandoned." The road was discovered in the Faiyum Depression, about 45 miles southwest of Cairo.
   Short segments of the road had been observed by earlier explorers, Bown said, but they failed to realize its
   significance or follow up on their observations. Bown and his colleagues stumbled across it while they were
   doing geological mapping in the region. (18)The road was clearly built to provide services for the newly
   discovered stone pit. Bown and Harrell have found the camp that housed workers at the stone pit. The road
   appears today to go nowhere, ending in the middle of the desert. When it was built, its terminal was a dock
   on the shore of Lake Moeris, which had an elevation of about 66 feet above sea level, the same as the dock.
   Lake Moeris received its water from the annual floods of the Nile. At the time of the floods, the river and
   lake were at the same level and connected through a gap in the hills near the modern villages of el-Lahun
   and Hawara. Harrell and Bown believe that blocks were loaded onto barges during the dry season, then
   floated over to the Nile during the floods to be shipped off to the monument sites at Giza and Saqqara.
   Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览三道题各选项,由选项中的 the longest road in ancient Egypt、constructed some 500 years ago 和 connect
   the villages along the Nile 等词句可推测,讲座内容与古埃及的一条路有关。第 16 题考查有关这条路的细节信息;第
   17 题可能考查在这条路上或其周围的发现;第 18 题可能考查这条路的建造目的。

16. [D]
   讲座开头提到,美国研究人员发现了世界上最古老的人工铺就的道路,它将埃及沙漠里的一个采石场和运
   送石块的水路连接了起来。因此答案为 D。

17. [A]
   讲座中提到,研究人员在这条路北端的采石场发现了埃及人使用岩石锯的第一个证据,这是人们使用锯子
   来切割石头的最古老的例子。因此答案为 A。

18. [B]
   讲座中明确提到,这条路显然是为了给新发现的采石场提供服务而建造的。因此答案为 B。
   Recording Two
   The thin, extremely sharp needles didn’t hurt at all going in. Dr. Gong pierced them into my left arm,
   around the elbow that had been bothering me. (19)Other needles were slipped into my left wrist and,
   strangely, into my right arm, and then into both my closed eyelids.
   There wasn’t any discomfort, just a mild warming sensation. However, I did begin to wonder what
   had driven me here, to the office of Dr. James Gong, in New York‟s Chinatown. Then I remembered-the
   torturing pain in that left elbow. (20)(Several trips to a hospital and two expensive, uncomfortable medical
   tests had failed to produce even a diagnosis.“Maybe you lean on your left arm too much,”the doctor
   concluded, suggesting I see a bone doctor. During the hours spent waiting in vain to see a bone doctor, I
   decided to take another track and try acupuncture.) A Chinese-American friend recommended Dr. Gong. I
   took the subway to Gong‟s second-floor office marked with a hand-painted sign.Dr. Gong speaks English,
   but not often. Most of my questions to him were greeted with a friendly laugh, but I managed to let him
   know where my arm hurt. He asked me to go into a room, had me lie down on a bed, and went to work. In
   the next room, I learned, a woman dancer was also getting a treatment. As I lay there a while, I drifted
   into a dream-like state and fantasized about what she looked like.
   Acupuncturists today are as likely to be found on Park Avenue as on Mott Street. In all, there are an
   estimated 10,000 acupuncturists in the country. Nowadays, a lot of medical doctors have learned
   acupuncture techniques; so have a number of dentists. (21)Reason? Patient demand. Few, though, can
   adequately explain how acupuncture works. Acupuncturists may say that the body has more than 800
   acupuncture points. A life force called qi circulates through the body. Points on the skin are energetically
   connected to specific organs, body structures and systems. Acupuncture points are stimulated to balance
   the circulation of qi.”The truth is, though acupuncture is at least 2,200 years old,“nobody really knows
   what‟s happening,”says Paul Zmiewski, a Ph.D. in Chinese studies who practices acupuncture in
   Philadelphia.
   After five treatments, there has been dramatic improvement in my arm, and the pain is a fraction of
   what it was. The mainly silent Dr. Gong finally even offered a diagnosis for what troubled me.“Pinched
   nerve,”he said.
   Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览三道题各选项,由 Dr. Gong、pain、acupuncture 等词可以初步推测,讲座内容与中医针灸治疗缓解
   疼痛有关;再结合各选项中的 New York、perfected、not have any negative side effects 等词可以进一步推测,讲座内
   容涉及针灸疗法在美国的推广和所具备的优点等。

19. [D]
   讲座开头提到,Gong 大夫起初是把针扎进了他一直就感觉很不舒服的左手肘周围,随后又把针扎进了他的
   左手腕,但此后的动作他就感觉很奇怪了,因为他的右手臂以及双眼睑都没有不舒服,但 Gong 大夫也给扎了针。
   因此答案为 D。

20. [C]
   讲话者提到,他的左手肘疼,但是去了好几次医院,做了几项又贵又难挨的医疗检查之后,医生都未能做
   出诊断,还建议他去看骨科大夫,就是在等待看骨科大夫的时候,他决定去尝试一下中医的针灸疗法。也就是说,
   他之所以会去找 Gong 大夫看病,是因为此前的治疗都没有效果,答案为 C。

21. [A]
   讲座中,讲话者用简简单单的两个词“Patient demand”就说明了为什么针灸疗法在美国会越来越受欢迎,
   原因就在于患者的需求。因此答案为 A。
   Recording Three
   Ronald and Lois, married for two decades, considered themselves a happy couple. (22)But in the
   early years of their marriage, both were distured by persistent arguments that seem to fade away without
   ever being truly resolved. They uncovered clues to what was going wrong by researching a fascinating
   subject: how birth order affects not only your personality, but also how compatible you are with your mate.
   (23)Ronald and Lois are only children, and “onlies” grow up accustomed to being the apple of parents’
   eyes. Match two onlies and you have partners to sub consciously expect each other to continue fulfilling
   this expectation, while neither has much experience in the “giving” end. Here's a list of common
   birth-order characteristics and some thoughts on the best and worst marital matches for each. (24)The
   oldest tends to be self-assured, responsible, a high achiever, and relatively seriously reserved. He may be
   slow to make friends. Perhaps content with only one companion. The best matches are with a youngest, an
   “only,” or a mate raised in a large family. The worst match is with another oldest, since the two will be too
   sovereign to share a household comfortably. The youngest child of the family thrives on attention
   and tends to be outgoing, adventurous, optimistic, creative and less ambitious than others in the family.
   He may lack self-discipline and have difficulty making decisions on his own. A youngest brother of
   brothers often unpredictable and romantic will match best with an oldest sister of brothers. The youngest
   sister of brothers is best matched with the oldest brother of sisters who will happily indulge these traits.
   The middle child is influenced by many variables; however, middles are less likely to take initiative and
   more anxious and self-critical than others. Middles often successfully marry other middles. Since both are
   strong on tact, not so strong on the aggressiveness and tend to crave affection. (25)The only child is often
   most comfortable when alone. But since an “only” tends to be a well-adjusted individual, she'll eventually
   learn to relate to any chosen spouse. The male only child expects his wife to make life easier without
   getting much in return. He is sometimes best matched with a younger sister of brothers. The female only
   child, who tends to be slightly more flexible, is well matched with an older man, who will indulge her
   tendency to test his love. Her worst much? Another “only,” of course.
   Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览四道题各选项,由 quarreled、argued、spoiled、childhood 和 marriages 等词可以初步推测,讲座内容
   与夫妻之间的关系及夫妻双方童年生活有关;再结合 good at、adventurous、responsible、well adjusted 等词可以进一
   步推测,讲座内容可能涉及夫妻双方的不同性格特征。

22. [C]
   讲座开头提到了 Ronald 和 Lois 的婚姻生活,他们结婚二十年,认为自己是一对幸福的夫妻,但在刚结婚的
   那几年里,他们总是不停地争吵,看起来每次争吵都会过去,但问题总是没有真正地解决。因此答案为 C。

23. [A]
   讲座中提到,Ronald 和 Lois 都是家里的独生子女,都是父母的掌上明珠。Onlies 是 only 的复数形式,only
   意为“独生子女”。因此答案为 A。

24. [D]
   讲座中提到,家中最大的孩子通常很自信,有责任感。因此答案为 D。

25. [B]
   讲座末尾提到,独生子女通常在自己一个人待着的时候比较舒服自在,但独生子女的适应能力一般都比较
   强,因此他们最终能学着去适应自己的伴侣。因此答案为 B。