CET-6 Listening Answers (Q1-25)
========================================

Answer Key:
   1. D
   2. A
   3. A
   4. C
   5. D
   6. B
   7. C
   8. B
   9. C
  10. B
  11. A
  12. B
  13. C
  14. D
  15. B
  16. C
  17. D
  18. A
  19. A
  20. C
  21. D
  22. A
  23. B
  24. D
  25. C

Explanations:
----------------------------------------
1. [D]
   对话中,男士首先介绍说今天的嘉宾来自 Parisian Café,接下来他问女士为什么会决定开一家咖啡馆。由此
   可以推断,女士拥有一家咖啡馆,答案为 D。

2. [A]
   对话中女士说,城里有很多咖啡馆,而这些咖啡馆都十分相似。因此答案为 A。

3. [A]
   当男士问女士咖啡馆里的兔子是否安全时,女士说,首先,兔子是一种非常温顺的动物,不会咬人,而且
   他们会定期对兔子进行清理,还保证兔子们按要求进行(免疫)注射,因此不会有健康风险。也就是说,通过定期
   清洁和注射疫苗,他们能够保证兔子们不会对顾客造成任何健康威胁,答案为 A。

4. [C]
   对话中女士提到,来咖啡馆的客人都是动物爱好者,绝不会伤害这些兔子。因此答案为 C。
   Conversation Two
   M:Hey, there. How are you?
   W:Oh,hi. I’m great! Thanks. And you look great, too.
   M:Thank you. It’s good to see you shopping in the organic section. I see you’ve got a lot of healthy stuff. (5-1)I wish I
   could buy more organic produce from here, but I find that kids don’t like it. I don’t know about yours, but mine are all
   about junk food.
   W:Oh, trust me! I know exactly how you feel. (5-2)My children are the same. What is it with kids these days and all that
   junk food they eat? (6-1)I think it’s all that advertising on TV. That’s where they get it.
   M:Yes,it must be. (6-2)My children see something on TV and they immediately want it. It’s like they don’t realize it’s just
   an advertisement.
   W:Right. And practically everything that’s advertises for children is unhealthy processed food. No surprise then it becomes
   a battle for us parents to feed our children ordinary fruit and vegetables.
   M: That’s just the thing. One never sees ordinary ingredients being advertised on TV. It’s never a carrot or a peach. It’s
   always some garbage, like chocolate-covered sweets. So unhealthy.
   W : Exactly. (7-1)And these big food corporations have so much money to spend on clever tactic design to make young
   - 2 -
   children want to buy their products. Children never stand the chance. It’s really not fair.
   M:(7-2)You are so right. (8)When we were children,we barely had any junk food available, and we turned out just fine.
   W:Yes.My parents don’t understand any of it. Both TV commercials and the supermarkets are alien to them. Their worlds
   were so different back to when they are young.
   M: I don’t know what will happen to the next generation.
   W:The world is going crazy.
   M: You bet.
   Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览四道题各选项,由 vitamins、taste、foods 和 ingredients 等词可以初步推测,对话与食品有关;再结
   合 too many additives、garbage、TV commercials、sweet foods 和 children 等词可以进一步推测,对话内容与儿童类
   食品有关,并且涉及垃圾食品和电视广告之间的关系。

5. [D]
   当男士看到女士买了很多健康食品时,他十分感慨,说自己的孩子不喜欢这些健康食品,就喜欢吃垃圾食
   品,而女士说她特别理解男士的感受,她的孩子也是这样。也就是说,对话中两人的孩子都喜欢吃垃圾食品,答案
   为 D。

6. [B]
   对话中女士说,她认为孩子们对食品的选择都是受到了电视广告的影响,男士也表示赞同,说孩子们看到
   电视上有什么就立马想要什么。由此可知,对话中的两人认为是电视广告影响了孩子们对食物的选择,答案为 B。

7. [C]
   对话中女士说,大型食品公司会花很多钱设计一些聪明的策略,就是为了让孩子们想要去购买他们的产品,
   男士也同意这一观点。也就是说,对话中的两人都认为大型食品公司在努力诱惑孩子们购买他们的产品,答案为 C。

8. [B]
   对话中男士说,他们还是孩子的时候几乎接触不到垃圾食品,结果长得也挺好。也就是说,他们小时候很
   少吃垃圾食品,答案为 B。
   Section B
   Passage One
   At some 2,300 miles in length, the Mississippi is the longest river in the United States. At some 1,000 miles, the
   Mackenzie is the longest river in Canada. But these waterways seem mute in comparison to the world’s two longest rivers
   —— the Nile and the Amazon.
   The Nile, which begins in central Africa and flows over 4,100 miles north into the Mediterranean, hosted one of the
   world’s great ancient civilizations along its shores. Calm and peaceful for most of the year, the Nile used to flood annually,
   thereby creating, irrigating and caring new topsoil to the nearby farmland on which ancient Egypt depended for a livelihood.
   As a means of transportation, the river carried various vessels up and down its length. (9)A journey through the
   unobstructed part of this waterway today would pass by the splendid Valley of the Kings, where the tombs of many of these
   ancient monarchs have stood for over 3,000 years.
   (10)Great civilizations and intensive settlements are hardly associated with the Amazon, (11)yet this 4,000-mile-long
   South American river carries about 20 percent of the world’s fresh water — more than the Mississippi, Nile, and Yangtze
   combined. Other statistics are equally astonishing. The Amazon is so wide at some points that from its center neither shore
   can be seen. Each second, the Amazon pours some 55 million gallons of water into the Atlantic; there, at its mouth, stands
   one island larger than Switzerland. Most important of all, the Amazon irrigates the largest tropical rainforest on Earth.
   Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览三道题各选项,由选项中的 floods、water、fresh water 和 banks 等词可以初步推测,短文与河流有
   - 3 -
   关;再结合 Egyptian、Tombs of ancient rulers、tribes、civilizations、the Mississippi River、the Nile 和 the Yangtze 等
   词可以进一步推测,短文涉及世界几大长河,重点讲述埃及的尼罗河及沿岸文明等方面的内容。

9. [C]
   短文中提到,沿着如今畅通无阻的水路前行会经过辉煌的帝王谷(Valley of the Kings),这里有许多 3,000
   多年前的古代帝王的陵墓。因此答案为 C。

10. [B]
   短文中明确提到,亚马逊河几乎从未与伟大的文明和密集聚居地这样的字眼关联在一起。因此答案为 B。

11. [A]
   短文中提到,亚马逊河拥有地球上 20%左右的淡水。因此答案为 A。
   Passage Two
   How often do you say to people “I’m busy” or “I haven’t got time for that.” (12)It’s inevitable truth that all of us live
   a life in the far slain, even though we know that being busy is not always particularly healthy.
   Growing up in New Zealand,everything was always calm and slow. People enjoyed the tranquility of a slower pace
   of life. But after I moved to the Tokyo and lived there for a number of years, (13)I got used to having a pilot to-do lists, and
   my calendar always looks like a mass, with lots of things to do written across it. I found myself feeling my timer up with
   endless work meetings and social events, rushing along as busy as a bee.
   Then, one day, (14)I came across a book called In Praise of Slowness and realized that being busy is not only
   detrimental, but also has the danger of turning life into an endless race. So I started practicing the various practical steps
   mentioned by the author of the book, and began to revolt against the very idea of being too busy. (15)It doesn’t mean that
   to-do lists no longer exist, but I’ve become more aware of the important of slowing down and making sure that I enjoy the
   daily activities as I carry them out.
   From now on, when someone asked how your life is, try your responding with the words like “exciting and fun”,
   instead of the culture norm that says “busy.” See if your experience the tranquility that follows.
   Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览四道题各选项,由第 12 题各选项中的 Living a life in the fast lane、always in a rush、search for tranquility、
   yearn for a slow and calm life 可以推测,短文与生活方式有关,涉及否定快节奏的生活以及呼吁慢节奏的生活等方面
   的内容。

12. [B]
   短文开头提到,虽然我们知道忙碌不那么健康,但是我们过着快节奏的生活,这是一个无法逃避的事实。
   也就是说,我们总是在忙于各种各样的事情,答案为 B。

13. [C]
   短文中讲话者提到,在东京生活了几年以后,她已经习惯了总是有一堆事情需要去做,她的日历看上去总
   是乱糟糟的,因为上面标记了一大堆需要做的事情。也就是说,东京的生活让她习惯了安排紧凑的生活,答案为 C。

14. [D]
   短文中讲话者提到,是一本名为 In Praise of Slowness 的书让她意识到忙碌的危害,因此她开始按照作者在
   书中讲到的实用性步骤改变生活方式。因此答案为 D。

15. [B]
   短文末尾讲话者提到,改变生活方式并不是说她的任务清单就不存在了,而是她意识到了慢生活的意义,
   在做每一件日常小事的时候,都能够乐在其中。因此答案为 B。
   - 4 -
   Section C
   Recording One
   (16)Governments, private groups, and individuals spend billions of dollars a year trying to root out non-native
   organisms that are considered dangerous to ecosystems, and to prevent the introduction of new intruders. But a number of
   scientists question the assumption that the presence of alien species can never be acceptable in a natural ecosystem. They
   say that portraying introduced species as inherently bad is an unscientific approach. (17)“Distinctions between exotic and
   native species are artificial”,said Dr. Michael Rosenzweig, a professor of evolutionary biology at the University of Arizona,
   “because they depend on pegging a date and calling the plans and animals that show up after the date ‘exotic.’” Ecosystems
   free of species defined as exotic are, by default, consider the most natural. “You can’t roll back the clock and remove all
   exotics or fix habitats,” Dr. Rosenzweig said, “Both native and exotic species can become invasive,and so they all have
   to be monitored and controlled when they begin to get out of the hand .”
   At its core, the debate is about how to manage the world’s remaining natural ecosystems and about how, and how
   much , to restore other habitats. Species that invade a territory can harm ecosystems, agriculture, and human health. They
   can threaten some native species or even destroy and replace others. Next to habitat loss, these evasive species represents
   the greatest threat to biodiversity worldwide, many ecologists say. Ecologists generally define an alien species as one that
   people, accidentally or deliberately, carried to its new location. Across the American continents, exotic species are those
   introduced after the first European contact. That date, rounded off to 1500 AD, represents what ecologist considered to have
   been a major shift in the spread of species, including crops and livestock, as they began to migrate with humans from
   continent to continent.
   (18) “Only a small percentage of alien species cause problems in their new habitats,” said Don Smith, professor of
   ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of Tennessee. “Of the 7,000 alien species in the United States—out of a
   total of 150,000 species — only about 10 percent are invasive,” he pointed out. The other 90 percent have fit into their
   environments and are considered naturalized. Yet appearances can deceive, ecologists caution, and many of these exotics
   may be considered acceptable only because no one has documented their harmful affects. What is more, non-native species
   can appear harmless for decades, then turn invasive.
   (19)
   Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览三道题各选项,由 species、biodiversity 和 ecosystem 等词可以初步推测,讲座内容与物种和生态环
   境有关;再结合各选项中的 native species、contribute to a region’s biodiversity、local ecosystem 和 new habitats 等词可
   以进一步推测,讲座涉及外来物种对本地生态环境的影响方面的内容。

16. [C]
   讲座开头提到,政府、私人团体以及很多个人都花费了大量的金钱来清除那些被认为会危害当地生态系统
   的外来生物以及预防新入侵者的引入,而这一观点却受到了很多科学家的质疑,他们对这些外来物种永远也不会融
   入当地自然生态系统这一看法持怀疑态度。他们说把外来物种描述成有害的是不科学的。因此答案为 C。

17. [D]
   讲座中提到,Dr. Michael Rosenzweig 说,外来物种和本地物种的区分是人为的。因此答案为 D。

18. [A]
   讲座中提到,Don Smith 教授说,只有很少一部分外来物种会给新的生活环境带来问题。因此答案为 A。
   Recording Two
   Good morning,ladies and gentlemen! And welcome to the third in our cities of business seminars in the program—
   Doing Business Abroad. Today we are going to look at intercultural awareness, that is, the fact that not everyone is British,.
   not everyone speaks in English, and not everyone does business in the British way. And why should they? (19)If overseas
   business people are selling to us, then they will make every effort to speak English and to expect our tradition and methods.
   It is only polite for us to do the same when we visit them. It is not only polite. It is essential if we want to sell British
   projects overseas.
   - 5 -
   First, a short quiz. Let’s see how in cultivate aware you are.
   Question 1: Where must you not drink alcohol on the first and second of every month?
   Question 2: Where should you never admire your host’s positions?
   Question 3: How should you attract the waiter during a business lunch in Banquet?
   And Question 4: Where should you try to make all your appointments either before 2:00 or after 5:30 p.m.?
   OK. Everyone had a chance to make some notes? Right. Here are the answers—although I am sure that the information
   could equally well apply to countries other than those I have chosen.
   So No.1, (20)you must not drink alcohol on the first and seventh of the month in Indian. In international hotels you
   may find it served, but if you are having a meal with an Indian colleague, remember to avoid asking for a beer if your
   arrival coincides with one of those dates. 2. In Arab countries,the politeness and generosity of the people is without parallel.
   If you admire your colleague’s beautiful golden bowls, you may well find yourself being present with them as a
   present.This is not a cheap way to do your shopping,however, as your host will, quite correctly, expect you to respond by
   presenting him with a gift of equal worth and beauty. In Thailand, clicking the fingers, clapping your hands, or just shouting
   “Waiter!” will embarrass your hosts,fellow diners,the waiter himself and, most of all, you! Place you palm downward and
   make an inconspicuous waving gesture, which will produce instant and sacrificing results,(21)And finally,in Spain, some
   businesses maintain the pattern of working until about 2 o’clock and then returning to the office from 5:30 to 8:00, 9:00or

19. [A]
   讲座中提到,如果外国商人来英国做生意,他们会尽力说英语并且尊重英国的传统及做事的方式,如果英
   国人想要去其他国家做生意,出于礼貌也应该尊重对方的传统。讲话者接着又说,这样做不仅礼貌,如果我们要在
   国外销售英国产品,这也是有必要的。由此可知,与外国人做生意的时候,应该尊重对方的传统文化,答案为 A。

20. [C]
   讲座中提到,在印度,每个月的第一天和第七天你都不能喝酒,在国际饭店你会发现他们供应酒水,但如
   果你是在这两个日子里和印度同事一起吃饭,记得不要点啤酒。因此答案为 C。

21. [D]
   讲座末尾提到了西班牙人的工作模式:他们通常会在下午两点下班,然后到晚上五点半再上班,上到晚上
   八点、九点或者十点。也就是说,下午两点至五点半期间是西班牙人的休息时间,因此答案为 D。
   Recording Three
   (22)Shortly after he took over the Reader’s Digest Association in 1984, George Grune unlocked the company’s
   boardroom and announced that the room was now open to the employees. It was a symbolic act, indicating that under
   Grune’s leadership Reader’s Digest was going to be different. True to his word,Grune has shaken up the culture here.
   To get an idea of the culture we’re talking about, consider the boardroom Grune opened up. It has artworks that any
   museum in the world would want to collect, paintings by many world-famous artists like Monet and Picasso. Its
   headquarters houses some 3,000 works of art. The main building is topped with a Georgian Tower with four sculptures of
   the mythical winged horse, the magazine’s corporate logo. It sits on 127 acres of well-trimmed lawns. The editor’s office
   used to be occupied by founder Dewitt Wallace, who, along with his wife, Lila Acheson Wallace, launched Reader’s Digest
   in 1922 with condensed articles from other publications. It has become the world’s most widely read magazine, selling 28
   million copies each month in 17 languages and 41 different editions. (23)The Wallaces, both children of church ministers,
   had a clearly defined formula for their “little magazine” as Reader’s Digest was originally subtitled. Articles were to be
   short, readable and uplifting. Subjects were picked to inspire or entertain. The Wallaces didn’t accept advertising in the US
   - 6 -
   edition until 1955 and even then they didn’t allow any ads for cigarettes, liquor or drugs. (24)The Wallaces also had a clear
   sense of the kind of workplace they wanted. It started as a mama-and-pop operation, and the childless Wallaces always
   considered employees to be part of their family. Employees still tell stories of how the Wallaces would take care of their
   employees who had met with misfortunes and they showered their employees with unusual benefits, like a turkey at
   Thanksgiving and Fridays off in May. This cozy workplace no longer exists here. The Wallaces both died in their nineties in
   the early 1981s. George Grune, a former ad salesman who joined Reader’s Digest in 1960 has his eyes focused on the
   bottom line. In a few short years, he turned the magazine on its head. (25)He laid off several hundred workers. Especially
   hard hit where the blue-and pink-collar departments, such as subscription fulfillment.
   Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
   未听先知:预览四道题各选项,由 Reader’s Digest、articles、magazine 和 subscriptions 等词可以初步推测,讲座内
   容与《读者文摘》这一杂志有关;再结合选项中的 company’s culture 、profitable 和 employees 等词可以进一步推测,
   讲座可能涉及《读者文摘》这一杂志的企业文化、盈利状态和员工情况等方面内容。

22. [A]
   讲座开头提到,1984 年,George Grune 接手了读者文摘集团,他向全体员工开放了董事会房间。正如 Grune
   自己所说的那样,他颠覆了该公司的原有企业文化。也就是说,他彻底改变了读者文摘集团的企业文化,因此答案为 A。

23. [B]
   讲座中提到,《读者文摘》的创始人 Wallace 夫妇二人都出生于牧师家庭,他们对杂志中的文章有一个明确
   的要求——简短易读,但却有激励人心或是让人愉悦的效果。因此答案为 B。

24. [D]
   讲座中提到,          《读者文摘》的创始人对企业文化也有着明确的定位,这家杂志最初是一个家庭式企业,Wallace
   夫妇没有子女,他们把员工当成家庭成员来对待。因此答案为 D。

25. [C]
   讲座末尾提到,二十世纪八十年代,Wallace 夫妇去世后,George Grune 接手公司,在几年的时间里,他就解
   雇了几百名员工。因此答案为 C。