1. A) . She advocates animal protection
   B) . She sells a special kind of coffee
   C) . She is going to start a cafe chain
   D) . She is the owner of a special cafe

2. A) . They bear a lot of similarities
   B) . They are a profitable business sector
   C) . They cater to different customers
   D) . They help take care of customers' pets

3. A) . By giving them regular cleaning and injections
   B) . By selecting breeds that are tame and peaceful
   C) . By placing them at a safe distance from customers
   D) . By briefing customers on how to get along with them

4. A) . They want to learn about rabbits
   B) . They like to bring in their children
   C) . They love the animals in her cafe
   D) . They give her cafe favorite reviews

5. A) . It contains too many additives
   B) . It lacks the essential vitamins
   C) . It can cause obesity
   D) . It is mostly garbage

6. A) . Its fancy design
   B) . TV commercials
   C) . Its taste and texture
   D) . Peer influence

7. A) . Investing heavily in the production of sweet foods
   B) . Marketing their products with ordinary ingredients
   C) . Trying to trick children into buying their products
   D) . Offering children more variable to choose from

8. A) . They hardly ate vegetables
   B) . They seldom had junk food
   C) . They favored chocolate-coated sweets
   D) . They like the food advertised on TV

9. A) . Stretches of farmland
   B) . Typical Egyptian animal farms
   C) . Tombs of ancient rulers
   D) . Ruins left by devastating floods

10. A) . It provides habitats for more primitive tribes
   B) . It is hardly associated with great civilizations
   C) . It has not yet been fully explored and exploited
   D) . It gathers water from many tropical rain forests

11. A) . It carries about one fifth of the word' fresh water
   B) . It has numerous human settlements along its banks
   C) . It is second only to the Mississippi River in width
   D) . It is as long as the Nile and the Yangtze combined

12. A) . Living a life in the fast lane leads to success
   B) . We are always in a rush to do various things
   C) . The search for tranquility has become a trend
   D) . All of us actually yearn for a slow and calm life

13. A) . She had trouble balancing family and work
   B) . She enjoyed the various social events
   C) . She was accustomed to tight schedules
   D) . She spent all her leisure time writing books

14. A) . The possibility of ruining her family
   B) . Becoming aware of her declining health
   C) . The fatigue from living a fast-paced life
   D) . Reading a book about slowing down

15. A) . She started to follow the cultural norms
   B) . She came to enjoy doing everyday tasks
   C) . She learn to use more polite expressions
   D) . She stopped using to-do lists and calendars

16. A) . They will root out native species altogether
   B) . They contribute to a region's biodiversity
   C) . They pose a threat to the local ecosystem
   D) . They will crossbreed with native species

17. A) . Their classifications are meaningful
   B) . Their interactions are hard to define
   C) . Their definitions are changeable
   D) . Their distinctions are artificial

18. A) . Only a few of them cause problems to native
   B) . They may turn to benefit the local environment
   C) . Few of them can survive in their new habitats
   D) . Only 10 percent of them can be naturalized

19. A) . Respect their traditional culture
   B) . Attend their business seminars
   C) . Research their specific demands
   D) . Adopt the right business strategies

20. A) . Showing them your palm
   B) . Giving them gifts of great value
   C) . Drinking alcohol on certain days of a month
   D) . Clicking your fingers loudly in their presence

21. A) . They are very easy to satisfy
   B) . They have a strong sense of worth
   C) . They trend to friendly and enthusiastic
   D) . They have a break from 2:00 to 5:30 p.m

22. A) . He completely changed the company's culture
   B) . He collected paintings by world-famous artists
   C) . He took over the sales department of Reader's Digest
   D) . He had the company’s boardroom extensively renovated

23. A) . It should be sold at a reasonable price
   B) . Its articles should be short and inspiring
   C) . It should be published in the world's leading languages
   D) . Its articles should entertain blue-and pink-collar workers

24. A) . He knew how to make the magazine profitable
   B) . He served as a church minster for many years
   C) . He suffered many setbacks and misfortunes in his life
   D) . He treated the employees like members of his family

25. A) . It carried many more advertisements
   B) . George Grune joined it as an ad salesman
   C) . Several hundred of its employees got fired
   D) . Its subscriptions increased considerably
