W： Well, there have been a lot of robberies recently. Some of the stolen goods may have landed here.
Q： What does the woman imply about the low-priced television sets?
1. A) They might be stolen goods. C) They might be faulty products.
B) They might be fake products. D) They might be smuggled goods.
2. 听力原文： M: I've been assigned to cover the governess's speech today. What about you?
W： Nothing is grand as yours. I have to do an interview for the evening news about a man with dozens of cats.
Q： What do we learn about the speakers?
2. A) They are civil servants. C) They are news reporters.
C)They are job applicants. D) They are public speakers.
3.听力原文：W: Didn't I see you going into the administration building this afternoon?
M： I needed to switch my computer class to the 9 :5 0 section.
Q：What do we learn from the conversation?
3. A) The man has decided to quit his computer class.
B) The woman wants to get a degree in administration.
C) A computer degree is a must for administrative work.
D) The man went to change the time of his computer class.
administration， administrative work可知，对话内容涉及行政管理和电脑。
4.听力原文：W： I guess you watched the quiz show on television last night. What did you think about it?
M： Well, it was great. The first four contestants won only small prizes, but fifth left with a new luxury car.
Q: What does the man mean?
4. A) A lot of contestants participated in the show.
B) The fifth contestant won the biggest prize.
C) It was not as exciting as he had expected.
D) It was sponsored by a car manufacturer.
5.听力原文： W： I cant find the arrival time of the New York to Boston Express on this schedule.
M： Look for New York in the left-hand column and follow it across until you find the hour listed in the Boston
column.
Q： What are the speakers most probably doing?
5. A) Reading a newspaper column. C) Driving from New York to Boston.
B) Looking at a railway timetable. D) Waiting for someone at the airport.
6.听力原文：W：You look different today, but I can't quite put my finger on what it is.
M: Oh, yesterday I finally got around to that new barbershop in the mall and enjoyed their services.
Q: What can be inferred about the man?
6. A) He wears a coat bought in the mall. C) He had a finger hurt last night.
C) He got a new job at the barbershop. D) He had his hair cut yesterday.
7.听力原文：W ： What do you think of Picasso's paintings exhibited in the city museum?
M： Personally I can't quite see the meaning in his modern works. Most of them remind me of the stuff my
nephew brings home from the kindergarten.
Q： What does the man mean?
7. A) He cannot appreciate the Picasso exhibition.
B) Even his nephew can draw as well as Picasso.
C) He is not quite impressed with modern paintings.
D) Some drawings by kindergarten kids are excellent.
8.听力原文：W： Rod said he wanted to get involved in student government this year.
M： But he hasn't gone to a single meetings has he?
Q: What does the man imply about Rod?
8. A) He should not put the cart before the horse.
B) His conduct does not square with his words.
C) His attitude to student government has changed.
D) He has long been involved in student government.
W： Oh, I do hope so. I have to get to Manchester today and my own car has broken down. Do you by any chance
have a car available?
M： For how many days, madam?
W： Three, just until the weekend.
M： And what sort of car did you have in mind?
W： Well, that depends a bit on the price. But I normally drive a Cavalier. Do you have anything like that?
M： Yes, certainly. That's group C which includes Cavalier and Sea-arrows.
W ： How much are they?
M： Well, for three days, you would have to have it under the unlimited mileage conditions，which will work out
cheaper for Manchester anyway. Let's see, Group C, three- to five-day hire with unlimited mileage is 53 pounds
per day.
W： I see. Does that include everything?
M: It includes third-party insurance, but does not include value-added tax, petrol or CDW.
W: What's that?
M: CDW? Oh, that's to cover you in case you damage the hired car. Third-party insurance only covers you for
damage to another vehicle. For Group C cars it's 6 pounds per day.
W： OK. I think I'll have the Cavalier.
M: Right. Could I have your driving license please?
W：Certainly. Here we are.
M: So, it's Mrs. J. B. Couty.
W: Yes. That's right.
M：And the number is 509024bc9cs, expiring 1st July, 2015. And you want to take it immediately?
W：Yes, I do, please.
M： Lovely. Well, if you could, just initial that box there for the CDW, and that box there to confirm you have
known driving convictions. Thank you, and then sign there. Great! That's it!
9. Why does the woman want to hire a car?
A) She left her own car in Manchester.
B) Something went wrong with her car.
C) She wants to go traveling on the weekend.
D) Her car won't be back in a week's time.
10. What is the woman's main consideration in hiring a car?
A) Safety. C) Size.
B) Comfort. D) Cost
11. What does the daily charge include?
A) Third-party insurance. C) Petrol
B) Value-added tax D) CDW

Conversation Two
12、What are the speakers discussing?
A) How to update the basic facilities. C) Where to locate their plant.
B) What to do to enhance their position. D) How to attract investments.
13、What does the woman say about Bilbao, Vitoria and San Sebastian?
A) Their road link to other European countries is fast.
B) They are all located in the south of France.
C) They are very close to each other.
D) Their basic facilities are good.
【预测】选项中反复出现Their，They，结合选项中出现的 road link，located in，close to，facilities are
14、What does the woman think they should do?
A) Try to avoid making a hasty decision. C) Talk with the local authorities.
B)Take advantage of the train links. D) Conduct field surveys first.
15、What is the man concerned about?
A) Future product distribution. C) Road and rail links for small towns.
B) Local employment policies. D) Skilled workforce in the hilly region.
W: So，possible locations for the plant. First, the basic facilities for the region are generally very good. At least
between the three main cities, Bilbao, Vitoria in the south and San Sebastian. There is now a fast train link to the
south of France and the rest of Spain. All these improvements affect Bilbao principally, but the whole region
benefits. First, the port area has been completely modernized and relocated. And the airport has also been extended.
So the basic facilities are good.
M: Right. So, are we in a position to choose one of these cities?
W: Well，let's not rush into anything. I think it would be a bad idea to assume we're going to choose a city. It
might be better to think about one of the smaller towns.
M： Smaller places. Yes. So, should we get details on the possible places?
W: Yes. We could do that. But we need, I think, first, to check a few things, for example, tax benefits, grants and
anything like that, for locating to a smaller place, not one of the main cities. Then we could make a better decision.
M: Yes. I agree. You've talked about the improved transport links in Bilbao. What about the links to the smaller
towns? If it's a mountainous or hilly region，it could take an hour or more for a truck to reach a main road. So I
think we need to look specifically at the train and road links for smaller towns.
W： Yes, you're right. Road and rail, and the financial position.

Section B

Passage One
16、What does the study by Debra Gold' find about older people?
A) One fifth of them were on bad terms with their sisters and brothers.
B) About one eighth of them admitted to lingering bitter feelings.
C) More than half of them were involved in inheritance disputes.
D) Most of them had broken with their sisters and brothers.
17、What has probably caused closeness to increase among sisters and brothers according to Victor Chichiarelli?
A) Less concern with money matters. C) Advance in age.
B) More experience in worldly affairs. D) Freedom from work.
18、What did the man who had recently reconciled with his brother tell Debra Gold about older people?
A) They have little time left to renew contact with their brothers and sisters.
B) They tend to forget past unhappy memories and focus on their present needs.
C) They are more tolerant of one another.
D) They find close relatives more reliable.
In a study of older people with sisters and brothers, psychologist Debra Gold of the Duke Center for the study
of aging and human development found that about 20% said they were either hostile or indifferent toward their
sisters and brothers. Reasons for this ranged from inheritance disputes to hostility between spouses. But, many of
those who had poor relationships felt guilty. Although most people admitted to some lingering rivalry, it was rarely
strong enough to end the relationship. Only four out of the 55 people interviewed had completely broken with their
sisters and brothers and only one of the four felt comfortable with the break. As sisters and brothers advance into
old age, closeness increases and rivalry diminishes，explains Victor Chichiarelli, a psychologist at Purdue
University. Most of the elderly people he interviewed said they had supportive and friendly dealings and got along
well or very well with their sisters and brothers. Only 4% got along poorly. Gold found that as people age, they
often become more involved with and interested in their sisters and brothers. 53% of those she interviewed said
that contact with their sisters and brothers increase in late adulthood. With family and career obligations reduced,
many said they had more time for each other. Others said that they felt it was time to heal wounds. A man who had
recently reconciled with his brother told Gold there's something that lets older people put aside the bad deeds of
the past and focus a little on what we need now, especially when it5s sisters and brothers.

Passage Two
19、What is unique about monarch butterflies according to the speaker?
A) They have bright colors and intricate patterns.
B) They can only survive in parts of the Americas.
C) They are the only insect that migrates along fixed routes.
D) They have strong wings capable of flying long distances.
20、Where do monarch butterflies settle at the end of their migration?
A) In a Michigan mountain forest. C) In a Kentucky mountain forest.
B) In a Louisiana mountain forest. D) In a Mexican mountain forest.
21、What does the speaker say about monarch butterflies' reproduction?
A) Each flock of butterflies lays eggs in the same states.
B) They start to lay eggs when they are nine months old.
C) Each generation in a cycle lays eggs at a different place.
D) Only the strongest can reach their destination to lay eggs.
22、What is the talk mainly about?
A) Evolution of monarch butterflies.
B) Living habits of monarch butterflies.
C) Migration patterns of monarch butterflies.
D) Environmental impacts on monarch butterfly life.
Monarch butterflies, the large orange and black insects, are a common summer sight in the northern United States
and Canada. They brighten parks and gardens as they fly among the flowers. What makes monarch butterflies
particularly interesting is that they migrate —all the way to California or Mexico and back. They are thought to be
the only insect that does this. Every year in the late summer, monarchs begin their migration to the south. Those
heading for Mexico go first for the Louisiana- Mississippi region. Then they fly across the Gulf of Mexico into
Texas . Once in Mexico , they establish themselves in one of about 15 sites in a mountain forest. Each site provides
a winter home for millions of monarchs. The butterflies are so numerous that they often cover entire trees. When
spring comes, they begin their long journey north. The question is often asked whether every butterfly makes the
round trip journey every year. And the answer is no. The average monarch lives about nine months. So one flying
north might lay eggs in Louisiana and then die. The eggs of that generation may be found in Kentucky; the eggs of
the next generation may end up in Wisconsin or Michigan. The last generation of the season about the fourth will
make the journey back to Mexico and restart the cycle. Scientists learn about monarch butterflies' migration by
capturing and placing identifying tags on the insects. By recapturing a tagged monarch and noting where it came
from, the next scientist can figure out things like butterfly's age and its routing.

Passage Three
23、What does the speaker say people now feel about time?
A) Time has become more limited. C) Time is money.
B) Time has become more precious. D) Time is relative.
24、What do the data from major time use surveys show?
A) Americans now attach more importance to the effective use of time.
B) Americans today have more free time than earlier generations.
C) The number of hours Americans work has increased steadily.
D) More and more Americans feel pressed for time nowadays.
25、What happens when we think about our time as money?
A) Our interpersonal relationships improve. C) Our living habits are altered.
B) Our work efficiency increases greatly. D) Our behavior is changed.
People nowadays seem to have the sense that their -time has become more limited, that compared to earlier
generations, we spend more and more time working and have less and less free time to engage in leisure pursuits.
But this premise turns out to be an illusion. The most comprehensive data from major time use surveys suggest
that, if anything, Americans today have more free time than earlier generations. The number of hours we work has
not changed much, but we spend less time now on home tasks. So we have a greater amount of time for leisure
than in decades past. So why do we feel like time is so scarce? One problem is that our time has become more
valuable and as time becomes worth more money, we feel like we have less of it. Workers who bill or get paid by
the hour, think lawyers and fast-food workers, report focusing more on pursuing more money than those who get
paid at salary and the effect happens fast. In one experiment, people were told to play the role of consultants and
bill their time at either nine dollars an hour or ninety dollars an hour. When people billed their time for ninety
dollars an hour they reported feeling far more pressed for time. Thinking about our time as money changes our
behavior as well. In one study, people who were instructed to think about money before entering a cafe spent less
time chatting with the other patrons and more time working. Those who were thinking about their time did the
reverse, spending time socializing instead of working.

Section C
PartⅢ