M: Many thanks. I guess all those hours of practice in the past month are finally paying off.
Q: What does the man mean?
【精析】D)。由女士提到的 What a wonderful performance! 以及男士提到的 I guess all those hours of practice
2. 听力原文：M: I can't decide what to do for my summer vacation. I either want to go on a bike tour of Europe or
go diving in Mexico.
W: Well, we're offering an all-inclusive two-week trip to Mexico for only 300 dollars.
Q: What does the woman suggest the man do for his vacation?
【精析】B)。由女士提到的we're offering an all-inclusive either two-week trip to Mexico for only 300 dollars 可
3.听力原文：W: How long do you think this project might take?
M: I'd say about three months, but it could take longer if somethins unexpected happened. Maybe we'd better
allow an exta month，so we won't have to worry about being late.
Q: Why does the man say extra time should be allowed for the project?
【精析】B)。由男士提到的 but it could take longer if something unexpected happened 可知，男士需要多
4.听力原文：M: I'm thinking about becoming a member here, and I'd like some information.
W：Sure. A three-month membership costs 150 dollars, and that includes use of the wait-room, sauna and pool.
I'll sive you a free pass so that vou can try out the facilities before you decide.
Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
【精析】C)。由女士提到的 I'll give you a free path so that you can try out the facilities before you decide可知，
5.听力原文： W: I'm sorry to hear that you failed the physics course, Ted.
M: Let's face it. I'm just not cut out to be a scientist.
Q: What does the man mean?
not fit to同义。
6.听力原文：M: Gary insisted on buying the food for the picnic.
W: That's pretty generous of him. But shouldn't we at least offer to share the expenses? He has a big family to
support.
Q: What does the woman suggest they do?
【精析】C)。由男士提到的 Gary insisted on buying the food for the picnic.和女士所说的 But shouldn't we at
least offer to share the expenses? He has a big family to support.可知，女士建议她跟男士两个人为家里分担一
7.听力原文：W: Did you see the headlines in the paper this morning?
M: Yeah. Apparently the bus company will be laying off its employees if they can't reach an agreement on
wages by midnight.
Q: What did the man read about?
【精析】A)。由男士提到的 the bus company will be laying off its employees if they can5t reach an agreement on
8.听力原文：W: Have we received payment for the overseas order we delivered last month?
M: Yes. The check came in yesterday afternoon. I'll be depositing it when I go to the bank today.
Q: What is the woman concerned about?
【精析】D)。由女士提到的 Have we received payment for the overseas order we delivered last month? 可知，
W: OK, that's it. Now we have to make a decision. We might as well do that now, don't you think?
M: Sure, let's see. [10] First we saw Frank Brisenski. What did you think of him?
W: Well, he's certainly a very polite young man.
M: And very relaxed, too.
W: [10] But his appearance...
M: Uh... [10] He wasn't well dressed. He wasn't even wearing a tie. .
W: But he did have a nice voice. He sounded good on the telephone.
M: True. And I thought he seemed very intelligent. He answered Dona's questions very well.
W: [10] That's true, but dressing well is important. Well, let's think about the others. Now what about Barbara
Jones? She had a nice voice, too. She sounded good on the telephone, and she was well dressed, too.
M: Uh... She did look very neat, very nicely dressed, but...
W: But so shy. She wouldn't be very good at talking to people at the front desk.
M: Uh... OK. [11] Now who was the next? Ah... Yes. David Wallace. I thought he was very good, had a lot of
potential. What do you think?
W: Uh. He seemed like a very bright guy. He dressed very nicely, too. And he had a really nice appearance.
M: He seemed relaxed to me, the type of person people feel comfortable with right away.
W: He was polite, but also very friendly and relaxed as you say. [9]/[11]I think he'll be good with the guests at the
front desk.
M: He had a very pleasant voice, too.
W: That's right. OK，good! [9]/[ll] I guess we have our receptionist then, don't you?
M: [11] Yes，I think so. We'll just offer the job to…
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
9. What are the speakers looking for?
10. What is Frank Brisenski's weakness?
11. What do the speakers decide to do?
11. C)。由对话中女士提到的I think he'll be good with the guests at the front desk和I guess we Rave our
receptionist then可知，答案为 C)。

Conversation Two
W: Hello.
M: Hello. Is that the reference library?
W: Yes, can I help you?
M: I hope so. I rang earlier and asked for some information about Dennis Hutton, the scientist. You asked me to
ring back.
W: Oh, yes. I have found something.
M: Good. I've got a pencil and paper. Perhaps you could read out what it says.
W: Certainly. Hutton Dennis, bom Darlington, 1836, died New York, 1920.
M: Yes, got that.
W: Inventor and physicist, the son of a farmworker. [12] He was admitted to the University of London at the age of
M: Yes.
W: He graduated at 17 with the first class degree in physics and mathematics. All right?
M: Yes, all right.
W: He made his first notable achievement at the age of 18. It was a method of refrigeration which rolls from his
work in low temperature physics. [13] He became a professor of mathematics at the University of Manchester at
24, where he remained for twelve years. During that time, he married one of his students, Natasha Willoughby.
M: Yes, go on.
W: Later working together in London, they laid the foundations of modern physics by showing that normal laws of
cause and effect do not apply at the level of subatomic particles. [14] For this he and his wife received the
Nobel Prize for physics in 1910, and did so again in 1912 for their work on very high frequency radio waves.
In his lifetime, Hutton patented 244 inventions. Do you want any more?
M: Yes, when did he go to America?
W: Let me see. [15] In 1920 he went to teach in New York and died there suddenly after only three weeks. Still he
was a good age.
M: Yes, I suppose so. Well, thanks.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
12. What do we learn about Dennis Hutton when he was 15?
13. What did Dennis Hutton do at the age of 24?
14. For what were Dennis Hutton and his wife awarded the Nobel Prize a second time?
15. Why did Dennis Hutton go to New York?
13、B)。对话中女士说，He became a professor of mathematics at the University of Manchester at 24 (在24岁

Section B

Passage One
[16] In America, white-tailed deer are more numerous than ever before, so abundant in fact that they've
become a suburban nuisance and a health hazard.
Why can't the herd be thinned the old-fashioned way? [16] The small community of North Haven on Long
Island is home to some six hundred to seven hundred deer. The Department of Environmental Conservation
estimates the optimum population at 60. The town has been browsed bare of vegetation except where gardens and
shrubs are protected by high fences.
Drivers routinely collide with deer and there are so many dead bodies left by the side of the road that the
town has made it a deal with a local pet cemetery to collect and dispose of the bodies. Some people in the town
have become ill from deer transmitted diseases. [17] On the occasions when hunting has been tried, local animal
rights people have worked to secure court orders against the hunts. And when that is failed, they stop the hunters,
banging on pots and pans to alert the deer. Town meetings called to discuss tlie problem inevitably dissolved into
confrontations.
The activists believe simply that the deer are not the problem. [18] Some communities have even discussed
the possibility of bringing wolves back into the ecological mix. That means wolves in the suburbs of New York. It
is almost too wonderfixl not to try it. The wolves would kill deer of course. [18] They would also terrorize and kill
dogs and cats which is not what the suburban dwellers have in mind.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. What do we learn about white-tailed deer in North Haven?
17. Why do local animal rights people bang on pots and pans?
18. What would happen if wolves were brought back into the ecological mix?
16、D)。短文开头提到In America，whitetailed deer... that they've become a suburban nui-sance and a health
17、D)。由短文中提到的…local animal rights people... stop the hunters, banging on pots and pans to alert the deer
18、C)。短文中提到Some communities have even discussed the possibility of bringing wolves back into the

Passage Two
[19] And now, if you'll walk this way, ladies and gentlemen. [20] the next room we're going to see is the
room in which the family used to hold their formal dinner parties and even occasionally entertain heads of state
and royalty. However, they managed to keep this room friendly and intimate. And I think you'll agree. It has a very
informal atmosphere, quite unlike some grand houses you visit. The curtains were never drawn, even at night, so
guests got a view of the lake and fountains outside which were lit up at night — a very attractive sight. As you can
see, ladies and gentlemen, the guests were seated very informally around this oval table, which would add to the
relaxed atmosphere. The table dates from the 18th century and is made from Spanish oak. [21] It's rather
remarkable for the fact that although it's extremely big, it's supported by just six rather slim legs. However, it
seems to have survived like that for 200 years. So it's probably going to last a bit longer. The chairs which go with
the table are not a complete set. There were originally six of them. They are interesting for the fact that they are
very plain and undecorated for the time, with only one plain central panel at the back and no armrests. [22] I
myself find them rather uncomfortable to sit in for very long, but people were used to more discomfort in the past.
[19] And now, ladies and gentlemen, if you'd like to follow me into the great hall.
Questions19 to 22 are based on the passage you have just heard.
19. What do we learn about the speaker?
20. What does the speaker say about the room they are visiting?
21. What is said about the oval table at the room?
22. What does the speaker say about the chairs?
19、B)。由短文中开头的if you'll walk this way，ladies and gentlemen…和短文结尾处的And now, ladies and
20、A)。由短文中的the next room we're going to spe is the room in which the family used to hold their formal
根据文中的occasionally entertain heads of state可 以排除C)。
21、C)。由短文中的It's rather remarkable for the fact that although it's extremely big, it's supported by just six
22、A)。由短文中的I myself find them rather uncomfortable to sit in for very long可知，说话者觉得在它们（即

Passage Three
Janet James was 22 years old when she was diagnosed with MS — a disease that attacks the body's nerves.
She has just graduated from college and got a job at an advertising agency when she began to sense that something
strange was going on inside her body. [24] When James realized how severe her illness was, she knew she had
better hurry up and live life. [23] MS is the biggest crippler of young adults. And although she didn't have many
symptoms，she knew it was just a matter of time. First on her agenda was to pursue her dream of hosting a pop
music program. She worked at a radio station for a year, always aware that her body was degenerating. Then her
best friend moved away. And one night James began screaming，“I got to go! I got to go!” Two weeks later, she
arrived at Alaska, thousands of miles from her friends，her family and her past. “Everything fell into a place”, she
recalls. A 23-year-old girl with an incurable disease can fly to Alaska and everything can work out. The MS attacks
came and went. And most of the time they hardly slowed her down. James hiked, fished, learnt to sail and
experimented with hot air ballooning. [25] “I lived for adventure”，she says. “'Nobody ever had a better time or did
more exotic strange things than I did in an 80-year period.” Inevitably however, the day came when she was so
weakened that she had to return to Pittsburgh, her hometown. There she began relieving her adventures by writing
a book about them. Her book was published in 1993.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
23. What does the speaker say about MS?
24. What did Janet James decide to do after her disease was diagnosed?
25. What sort of person can we infer Janet James is?
23、【预测】选项中的uncommon, disease, destroys, difficult 和 the biggest crippler表明，本题应是考查与某
MS is the biggest crippler of young adults.
24、B)。短文中提到，When James realized how severe her illness was, she knew she had better hurry up and live

Section C
27、【预测】空前的are receiving及空后的in state-approved curricula表明，本空应填名词，作are receiving
test scores, and reduced 31 problems 并列。higher standardized test scores (更高的标准化考试分数）和
PartⅢ