1. A) It was spacious and tranquil
   B) It was warm and comfortable
   C) It was shabby and solitary
   D) It was tiny and noisy

2. A) She no longer hates people talking loudly in the dorm
   B) She misses her roommates she used to complain about
   C) She begins to enjoy the movies she once found irritating
   D) She finds the crowded dorm as cozy as her new apartment

3. A) He found the apartment perfectly furnished
   B) He had a feeling of despair and frustration
   C) He had a similar feeling to the woman’s
   D) He felt the new place was like paradise

4. A) Go to see the woman’s apartment
   B) Make a phone call to his parents
   C) Buy some furniture for the woman
   D) Decorate the woman’s apartment

5. A) He works as a literary critic
   B) He hosts an educational program
   C) He has initiated a university reform
   D) He has published a book recently

6. A) It fails to keep up with the radical changes of society
   B) It fails to ensure universities get sufficient resources
   C) It has not prepared young people for the job market
   D) It has not fostered the growth of the arts disciplines

7. A) More of the budget should go to science and technology
   B) The underfunded music discipline should be prioritized
   C) Subdisciplines like sculpture should get more funding
   D) Literature should get as much funding as engineering

8. A) Build a prosperous nation
   B) Make skilled professionals
   C) Create ingenious artists
   D) Cultivate better citizens

9. A) It is quite common
   B) It is rarely noticed
   C) It seldom annoys people
   D) It occurs when one is alone

10. A) Seeing things in black and white
   B) Engaging in regular contemplation
   C) Having a special understanding of creativity
   D) Knowing how to make their mental batteries work

11. A) Engaging in intense activity
   B) Fantasizing in one’s down time
   C) Working on a particular project
   D) Reflecting during one’s relaxation

12. A) Farmers helped Native Americans grow crops
   B) There were expansive university campuses
   C) There existed post offices
   D) Migrants found gold there

13. A) It helped to boost the economy in the American West
   B) It provided job opportunities for many gold seekers
   C) It extended the influence of the federal government
   D) It kept people in the deserts and plains connected

14. A) It employed Native Americans to work as postmen
   B) It commissioned private wagons to carry the mail
   C) It subsidized the locals who acted as postmasters
   D) It centralized postal services in its remote areas

15. A) He analyzed interactive maps of mail routes
   B) He read a large collection of books on the topic
   C) He examined its historical trends with data science
   D) He collected data about its impact on local business

16. A) Higher levels of anxiety may improve people’s memory
   B) Some experiences are easier to remember than others
   C) Most people tend to remember things selectively
   D) Simple things may leave a deep impression on one’s memory

17. A) They classified the participants’ mindset
   B) They showed some photos to the participants
   C) They measured the participants’ anxiety levels
   D) They tested the size of the participants’ vocabulary

18. A) Anxiety has become a serious problem for an increasing number of people
   B) Extreme levels of anxiety can adversely affect cognitive performance
   C) People diagnosed with anxiety disorder may forget things selectively
   D) There is no direct correlation between memory and levels of anxiety

19. A) They compare products from different companies before making a choice
   B) They get information from other consumers’ postings and comments
   C) They lose patience when their phone call is no promptly answered
   D) They expect to get instantaneous responses to their inquiry

20. A) Giving them rewards on the spot
   B) Broadening their scope of interest
   C) Speaking directly to their emotions
   D) Focusing on the details of the product

21. A) Change the rules of the game in the market every year
   B) Keep up with the latest technological developments
   C) Learn from technological innovators to do business
   D) Make greater efforts to build up consumers’ confidence

22. A) People have only one social engagement per week
   B) Working together enhances friendship
   C) Few people have devoted friends
   D) Friendships benefit work

23. A) The impact of friends on people’s self-esteem
   B) How supportive friends can be in the workplace
   C) How to boost one’s sense of value and worthiness
   D) The role of family ties in people’s mental well-being

24. A) They show little interest in their friends’ work
   B) They tend to be much more difficult to make
   C) They are more trustworthy and reliable
   D) They increase people’s job satisfaction

25. A) Allow employees to have a flexible work schedule
   B) Encourage employees to be friends with colleagues
   C) Help employees balance work and family responsibilities
   D) Organize activities to nourish friendships outside of work
