1. A) She is attracted to the beauty of modern buildings
   B) She is preoccupied with her dream to be an architect
   C) She is influenced by her father who teaches architecture
   D) She is drawn to its integration of design and engineering

2. A) Through hard work
   B) With the professor’s help
   C) By studying the subject online
   D) By taking prerequisite courses

3. A) It is groundbreaking
   B) It is long-lasting
   C) It is immaterial
   D) It is immortal

4. A) Economics
   B) Philosophy
   C) Computer science
   D) Western art

5. A) He has occasionally been harassed by his fans
   B) He has been guarded by a discreet assistant
   C) He is well known to the public
   D) He is a famous football coach

6. A) Serve as a personal assistant
   B) Play a key role in Real Madrid
   C) Run common daily chores for the woman
   D) Help promote Mr. Sanchez’s public profile

7. A) He is honest and always tells the truth
   B) He once worked part-time in university
   C) He cares little about his working hours
   D) He has little previous work experience

8. A) He has a strong ability to connect with people
   B) He has a high proficiency in several languages
   C) He has a sound knowledge of sports consultancy
   D) He has a natural capacity to cooperate with others

9. A) They bring more benefits to young people
   B) They require less supervision and training
   C) They are more suitable to young people
   D) They have fewer rules and pressures

10. A) They prevent kids from enjoying adventure sports
   B) They help kids guard against any possible injuries
   C) They rob kids of the chance to cultivate their courage
   D) They deprive kids of the opportunity to develop team spirit

11. A) Help them take up these sports when they are more mature
   B) Let them participate in some less risky outdoor activities
   C) Ask them to try some forms of indoor sports
   D) Introduce them to these sports step by step

12. A) Consumers often have a craving for the latest model
   B) Such products tend to comprise parts that are irreplaceable
   C) Tech firms intentionally design products to have short lifespans
   D) Manufacturers use effective strategies to promote fancier products

13. A) Indicate the competitiveness of their products
   B) List a repairability score of their products
   C) Specify the major parts of their products
   D) Detail the life cycle of their products

14. A) Take the initiative to reduce electronic waste
   B) Take due caution in upgrading their products
   C) Invest in constructing more recycling facilities
   D) Substitute all toxic substances with non-toxic ones

15. A) It can be solved
   B) It is certain to worsen
   C) It will be fixed by tech companies
   D) It is unavoidable in the long run

16. A) How internet monitoring can be implemented
   B) How to encourage productive internet surfing.
   C) How cyberloafing affects overall productivity
   D) How to prevent employees from cyberloafing

17. A) Cyberloafing is a sign of workers’ laziness
   B) Cyberloafing may relieve employees of stress
   C) Employee engagement is closely related to job satisfaction
   D) Overuse of social media may lead to decline in productivity

18. A) Taking mini-breaks means better job performance
   B) Cyberloafing generally does more harm than good
   C) Worker turnover is linked to the time allowed for cyberloafing
   D) Employees who indulge in internet surfing are most likely to quit

19. A) There were no wooden buildings
   B) There were environmental problems
   C) There were no trees
   D) There were few settlers

20. A) He served as chairman of the Nebraska State Board of Agriculture
   B) He urged the state to start the Nebraska State Gardening Society
   C) He engaged himself in a large number of aesthetic projects
   D) He founded a newspaper and used it to promote his ideas

21. A) A special prize was awarded to Julius Morton
   B) One million trees were planted throughout Nebraska
   C) The state government declared it the official Arbor Day
   D) Nebraska earned the nickname “the Tree Planters State”

22. A) They spread across Europe and Asia in a few decades
   B) They lived mostly in Africa for about 200,000 years
   C) They preferred to live in Europe rather than in Asia
   D) They moved out of Africa about 60,000 years ago

23. A) The discovery of two modern human teeth in China
   B) The traces of human migration out of Africa to Asia
   C) The human fossils discovered most recently in Africa
   D) The Luna cave in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region

24. A) There must have been some reason for human migration
   B) There have been changes in animals’ living conditions
   C) Humans adapted themselves to the environment there
   D) Humans had access to abundant food sources there

25. A) How humans settled down on the Arabian Peninsula
   B) When modern humans started to disperse out of Africa
   C) What path modern humans took to migrate out of Africa
   D) Why fresh water is so important for human survival
