Part Ⅱ                                    Listening Comprehension
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 8 short conversations and 2 long conversations. At the end of each conversation,
                  one or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be
                  spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four
                  choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter
                  on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
1.    A) Weather conditions.                                    C) An error in the order.
      B) Labor problems.                                        D) Misplacing of goods.
2. A) What the woman says makes a lot of sense.
     B) The rich are opposed to social welfare.
     C) He agrees with Mr. Johnson’s views.
     D) He is sympathetic with poor people.

3. A) He has work to finish in time.                            C) He has a tough problem to solve.
     B) He will be practicing soccer.                           D) He will be attending a meeting.
4. A) Mary will not be able to keep a dog in the building.
       B) Mary should get rid of her pet as soon as possible.
       C) Mary might as well send her dog to her relative.
       D) Mary is not happy with the ban on pet animals.

5.    A) He does not believe they are twin sisters. C) Lisa and Gale are not very much alike.
       B) The woman seems a bit hard of hearing. D) The twins, voices are quite different.

6.    A) The serious economic crisis in Britain.     C) A package deal to be signed in November.
       B) A message from their business associates. D) Their ability to deal with financial problems.

7. A) Cleaning the pants will take longer than usual.
     B) The man will be charged extra for the service.
     C) The man has to go to the main cleaning facility.
     D) It is impossible to remove the stain completely.

8. A) European markets.                                         C) Luxury goods.
      B) Imported products.                              D) A protest rally.
       Questions 9 to 12 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
                                           2013 年 12 月六级考试真题（第一套）


     9. A) He made a business trip.
            B) He had a quarrel with Marsha.
            C) He talked to her on the phone.
            D) He resolved a budget problem.
     10. A) She may have to be fired for poor performance.
            B) She has developed some serious mental problem.
            C) She is in charge of the firm's budget planning.
            D) She supervises a number of important projects.
     11. A) She failed to arrive at the airport on time.
            B) David promised to go on the trip in her place.
            C)Something unexpected happened at her home.
            D) She was not feeling herself on that day.
     12. A) He frequently gets things mixed up.
            B) He is always finding fault with Marsha.
            C) He has been trying hard to cover for Marsha.
            D) He often fails to follow through on his projects.
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.

13. A) They are better sheltered from all the outside temptations.
     B) They take an active part in more extracurricular activities.
     C) They are usually more motivated to compete with their peers.
     D) They have more opportunities to develop their leadership skills.

14. A) Its students aim at managerial posts.                  C) Its chief positions are held be women.
     B) Its students are role models of women.                D) Its teaching staff consists of women only.

15. A) They have ample opportunities to meet the opposite sex.
     B) They are more or less isolated from the outside world.
     C) It is traditional but colourful.
     D) It is under adequate control.

Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the
                passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
                answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
                Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 16 to 19 are based on the passage you have just heard.
16. A) By speaking with the local agent.           C) By making gestures at strategic points.
     B) By speaking in a deep, loud voice.        D) By invading the personal space of listeners.
17. A) To promote sportsmanship among business owners.
     B) To raise money for a forthcoming local sports event.


                                                                 2
                                              2013 年 12 月六级考试真题（第一套）


      C) To encourage people to support local sports groups.
      D) To show his family’s contribution to the community.
18. A) They would certainly appeal to his audience.
     B) They are known to be the style of the sports world.
     C) They are believed to communicate power and influence.
      D) They represent the latest fashion in business circles.
19. A) To create a warm personal atmosphere.                      C) To allow the audience to better enjoy his slides.
     B) To cover up his own nervousness.                          D)     To enhance the effect of background music.
Passage Two
Questions 20 to 22 are based on the passage you have just heard.
20. A) She was the first African-American slave to publish a book.
   B) She was born about the time-of the War of Independence.
   C) She was the greatest female poet in Colonial America.
   D) She was the first educated slave of John Wheatley’s.
21. A) Turn to the colonial governor for help.                    C)     Obtain consent from her owner.
     B) Go through a scholarly examination.                       D)     Revise it a number of times.
22. A) Religious scripts popular among slaves in America.
   B) Literary works calling for the abolition of slavery.
   C) A rich stock of manuscripts left by historical figures.
   D) Lots of lost works written by African-American women.
Passage Three
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the passage you have just heard.
23. A) It is a trait of generous character.    C) It is a sign of happiness and confidence.
    B) It is a reflection of self-esteem.      D) It is an indicator of high intelligence.
24. A) It was the essence of comedy.           C) It was self-defeating.
    B) It was something admirable.             D) It was aggressive.
25. A) It is a feature of a given culture.      C) It is a result of both nature and nurture.
    B) It is a double-edged sword.              D) It is a unique gift of human beings.

Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passage is read for the first time, you should listen
                carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the
                blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you
                should check what you have written.
     It is important that we be mindful of the earth, the planet out of which we are born and by which
we are nourished, guided, healed — the planet, however, which we have 26 to a considerable degree in these past two
centuries of    27 exploitation. This exploitation has reached such 28             that presently it appears that some hundreds of
thousands of species will be 29 before the end of the century.
     In our times, human shrewdness has mastered the deep             30 of the earth at a level far beyond the capacities of earlier
peoples. We can break the mountains apart; we can drain the rivers and flood the valleys. We can turn the most luxuriant
forests into throwaway paper products. We can 31 the great grass cover of the western plains and pour 32 chemicals into
the soil until the soil is dead and blows away in the wind. We can pollute the air with acids, the rivers with sewage (污水), the

                                                                  3
                                          2013 年 12 月六级考试真题（第一套）


seas with oil. We can invent computers      33 processing ten million calculations per second. And why? To increase the
volume and the speed with which we move natural resources through the consumer economy to the junk pile or the waste
heap. Our managerial skills are measured by the competence 34___________________ in accelerating this process. If in
these activities the physical features of the planet are damaged, if the environment is made inhospitable for       35 living
species, then so be it. We are, supposedly, creating a technological wonderworld.