1. A) She is a great athlete
   B) She is a famed speaker
   C) She is a famous scientist
   D) She is a noted inventor

2. A) How knowledge of human biochemistry has been evolving
   B) How nutrition helps athletes􀆳 performance in competitions
   C) How scientific training enables athletes to set new records
   D) How technology has helped athletes to scale new heights

3. A) Our physical structures
   B) Our scientific knowledge
   C) Our biochemical process
   D) Our concept of nutrition

4. A) It may increase the expenses of sports competitions
   B) It may lead to athletes􀆳 over reliance on equipment
   C) It may give an unfair advantage to some athletes
   D) It may change the nature of sports competitions

5. A) Experience
   B) Flexibility
   C) Family background
   D) Business connections

6. A) Buying directly from factories
   B) Shipping goods in bulk by sea
   C) Having partners in many parts of the world
   D) Using the same container back and forth

7. A) Warehouses
   B) Factories
   C) Investors
   D) Retailers

8. A) Trendy style
   B) Unique design
   C) Lower import duties
   D) Lower shipping costs

9. A) It helps employees to reduce their stress
   B) It prevents employees from feeling bored
   C) It strengthens harmony among employees
   D) It helps employees to view things positively

10. A) Weekends are conducive to reducing stress
   B) Humor is vital to interpersonal relationships
   C) All workers experience some emotional stress
   D) Humor can help workers excel at routine tasks

11. A) Smash the toys to release their bottled-up resentments
   B) Take the boss doll apart as long as they reassemble it
   C) Design and install stress-reducing gadgets
   D) Strike at the boss doll as hard as they like

12. A) The recent finding of a changed gene in obese mice
   B) A breakthrough in understanding gene modification
   C) A newly discovered way for people to lose weight
   D) The self-repairing ability of a gene in obese mice

13. A) It renders an organism unable to fight diseases
   B) It prevents the mice􀆳s fatty tissues from growing
   C) It helps organisms adapt to environmental changes
   D) It renders mice unable to sense when to stop eating

14. A) Human beings have more obesity genes than most mice do
   B) Half of a person􀆳s total weight variation can be controlled
   C) People are born with a tendency to have a certain weight
   D) The function of the obesity genes is yet to be explored

15. A) The worsening of natural environment
   B) The abundant provision of rich foods
   C) The accelerated pace of present-day life
   D) The adverse impact of the food industry

16. A) Similarity in interests
   B) Mental stimulation
   C) Openness
   D) Compassion

17. A) The willingness to offer timely help
   B) The joy found in each other􀆳s company
   C) Personal bonds
   D) Emotional factors

18. A) Failure to keep a promise
   B) Lack of frankness
   C) Feelings of betrayal
   D) Loss of contact

19. A) Along the low-lying Colorado River
   B) At the Dinosaur National Monument
   C) Along the border of the U.S. and Canada
   D) At museums of natural history in large cities

20. A) Volcanic explosions could bring whole animal species to extinction
   B) Some natural disaster killed a whole herd of dinosaurs in the area
   C) The pit should be carefully preserved for the study of dinosaurs
   D) The whole region must have been struck by a devastating flood

21. A) They floated down an eastward flowing river
   B) They lay buried deep in the sand for millions of years
   C) They were skeletons of dinosaurs inhabiting the locality
   D) They were remains of dinosaurs killed in a volcanic explosion

22. A) Indulging in seeking leisure and material comfort
   B) Attaching too much importance to independence
   C) Failing to care for parents in the traditional way
   D) Leaving their parents on the verge of starvation

23. A) They have great difficulty living by themselves
   B) They have little hope of getting any family care
   C) They have fond memories of their good old days
   D) They have a sense of independence and autonomy

24. A) People in many parts of the world preferred small-sized families
   B) There have been extended families in most parts of the world
   C) Many elderly people were unwilling to take care of their grandchildren
   D) So many young Americans refused to live together with their parents

25. A) Leave their younger generations alone
   B) Avoid being a burden to their children
   C) Stay healthy by engaging in joyful activities
   D) View things from their children’ s perspective
