1. A) Say a few words to thank the speaker
   B) Introduce the speaker to the audience
   C) Give a lecture on the history of the town
   D) Host a talk on how to give a good speech

2. A) He was the founder of the local history society
   B) He has worked with Miss Bligh for 20 years
   C) He has published a book on public speaking
   D) He joined the local history society when young

3. A) She was obviously better at talking than writing
   B) She had a good knowledge of the town’s history
   C) Her speech was so funny as to amuse the audience
   D) Her ancestors came to the town in the 18th century

4. A) He read exactly what was written in his notes
   B) He kept forgetting what he was going to say
   C) He made an embarrassing remark
   D) He was too nervous to speak up

5. A) What their retailers demand
   B) What their rivals are doing
   C) How they are going to beat their rivals
   D) How dramatically the market is changing

6. A) They should be taken seriously
   B) They are rapidly catching up
   C) Their business strategy is quite effective
   D) Their potential has been underestimated

7. A) She had given it to Tom
   B) It simply made her go frantic
   C) She had not seen it yet
   D) It was not much of a big concern

8. A) Restructuring the whole company
   B) Employing more forwarding agents
   C) Promoting cooperation with Jayal Motors
   D) Exporting their motorbikes to Indonesia

9. A) It makes claims in conflict with the existing research
   B) It focuses on the link between bedtime and nutrition
   C) It cautions against the overuse of coffee and alcohol
   D) It shows that “night owls” work much less efficiently

10. A) They pay greater attention to food choice
   B) They tend to achieve less than their peers
   C) They run a higher risk of gaining weight
   D) They stand a greater chance to fall sick

11. A) Get up late
   B) Sleep 8 hours a day
   C) Exercise more
   D) Go to bed earlier

12. A) All of the acting nominees are white
   B) It has got too much publicity on TV
   C) It is prejudiced against foreign films
   D) Only 7% of the nominees are female

13. A) 22 percent of movie directors were people of color
   B) Half of the TV programs were ethnically balanced
   C) Only one-fifth of TV shows had black characters
   D) Only 3.4 percent of film directors were women

14. A) Non-white males
   B) Program creators
   C) Females of color over 40
   D) Asian speaking characters

15. A) They constitute 17% of Hollywood movie characters
   B) They are most underrepresented across TV and film
   C) They contribute little to the U.S. film industry
   D) They account for 8.5% of the U.S. population

16. A) One that can provide for emergency needs
   B) One that can pay for their medical expenses
   C) One that covers their debts and burial expenses
   D) One that ensures a healthy life for their later years

17. A) Purchase insurance for their children
   B) Save sufficient money for a rainy day
   C) Buy a home with a small down payment
   D) Add more insurance on the breadwinner

18. A) When their children grow up and leave home
   B) When they have saved enough for retirement
   C) When their family move to a different place
   D) When they have found better-paying jobs

19. A) They do more harm than good
   B) They have often been ignored
   C) They do not help build friendship
   D) They may not always be negative

20. A) Biased sources of information
   B) Ignorance of cultural differences
   C) Misinterpretation of Shakespeare
   D) Tendency to jump to conclusions

21. A) They are hard to dismiss once attached to a certain group
   B) They may have a negative impact on people they apply to
   C) They persist even when circumstances have changed
   D) They are often applied to minorities and ethnic people

22. A) They impact people more or less in the same way
   B) Some people are more sensitive to them than others
   C) A positive stereotype may help one achieve better results
   D) A negative stereotype sticks while a positive one does not

23. A) Use some over-the-counter medicine instead
   B) Quit taking the medicine immediately
   C) Take some drug to relieve the side effiect
   D) Ask your pharmacist to explain why it occurs

24. A) It may help patients fall asleep
   B) It may lead to mental problems
   C) It may cause serious harm to one’s liver
   D) It may increase the effect of certain drugs

25. A) Tell their children to treat medicines with respect
   B) Keep medicines out of the reach of their children
   C) Make sure their children use quality medicines
   D) Ask their children to use legitimate medicines
