1. A) He has distinguished himself in foreignservice
   B) He is his.country's ambassadorto Winopia
   C) He is currently an electrical engineer
   D) He craves attention from the media

2. A) A government reshuffle
   B) A fundamental reform
   C) Some sort of political reorientation
   D) Some sort of crisis of legitimacy

3. A) All diplomats have more or less similar stories to tell
   B) It is a prerequisite to get Some practice in diplomacy
   C) Different people can take different paths
   D) It is a must to first obtain a law degree

4. A) Key skills required of a diplomat
   B) The making of an expert diplomat
   C) Diplomatic discourse and rhetoric
   D) Contributions by diplomatic envoys

5. A) They have got their work done
   B) They both look tired
   C) They can meet again tomorrow anyway
   D) They are both anxious to go home

6. A) The board members insufficient support
   B) Two months devoted to the same contract
   C) Working two months without any progress
   D) The man's long concentration on the project

7. A) Unprofessional
   B) Inspirational
   C) Exceptional
   D) Delusional

8. A) Fewer rectifications of the contract
   B) More support from the board members
   C) The early implementation of the project
   D) The alignment of all sections of the contract

9. A) When two employees propose contrary solutions to their dispute
   B) When two employees are directed by their respective manager
   C) When two people behave in an apparently clashing manner
   D) When two people tell different stories of the same event

10. A) How it got resolved
   B) How it happened
   C) What it was about
   D) When it was settled

11. A) They intervened promptly lest their dispute escalate
   B) They tried to ascertain the actual facts of the matter
   C) They assumed the best about them and moved on
   D) They persuaded them to put their conflict aside

12. A) Dine out daily
   B) Budget sensibly
   C) Enjoy cooking
   D) Shop at groceries

13. A) Shopping
   B) Sewing
   C) Entertaining oneself
   D) Fashion designing

14. A) Satisfy their taste
   B) Cut down expenses
   C) Eat more healthily
   D) Cultivate new hobbies

15. A) People's intense fbcus on convenience
   B) People's deteriorating family finances
   C) People's strong aversion to junk foods
   D) People's increasing dislike of cooking

16. A) Its owner's flight is delayed because of bad weather
   B) Airlines cannot find its owner without an ID tag on it
   C) Airline staff have not correctly coded its destination tag
   D) Its owner has forgot to pick it up from the baggage claim

17. A) Its tag may get tom off on the conveyor be
   B) Its tag may get stuck in the sorting machine
   C) It may be sent to a wrong destination
   D) It may be picked up by someone else

18. A) Purchase irretrievably lost things at auction
   B) Contact the airport staff to find our missing bag
   C) Get the airline agenfs phone number before boarding
   D) Avoid packing valuable items in our checked baggage

19. A) It can be behaviorally hazardous
   B) It can be especially disappointing
   C) It can be socially harmful
   D) It can be really embarrassing

20. A) They considered it inevitable
   B) They held a negative view towards it
   C) They were concerned with its effects
   D) They saw it as a sign of social evolution

21. A) Elaborate forms of social contact
   B) Ill effects on one's sense of pride
   C) Poor relationships with others
   D) Vicious cycles of detachment

22. A) The ill treatment they get as tourists
   B) The nonprofessional business they see
   C) The impersonal accommodations
   D) The many adventures on their way

23. A) They have been the classic way to visit Europe
   B) They attract tourists with location and decoration
   C) They have long been competing with chain hotels
   D) They are in fact a completely new idea in America

24. A) Your financial status
   B) Your family's consent
   C) Your property
   D) Your personality

25. A) Costs for starting the business
   B) The number of guests to receive
   C) The facilities to provide
   D) Opportunities fbr income
