1. A) It is absurdly expensive
   B) It is appropriately priced
   C) It brings shame on the university
   D) It caters to students and teachers

2. A) They never really appeal to her
   B) They are never actually good value
   C) They are within students5 budgets
   D) They always come at a high speed

3. A) The food
   B) The space
   C) The speed
   D) The environment

4. A) A complete refurnishing
   B) A ruinous burning down
   C) A substantial expansion
   D) A massive renovation

5. A) They have a poor work ethic
   B) They don't get along with managers
   C) They are struggling in the workplace
   D) They aren't as varied as their predecessors

6. A) Learning about the way they adhere to their own values
   B) Recognizing how they try to strike a work-life balance
   C) Knowing how they struggle to connect with managers
   D) Understanding the way they seek career advancement

7. A) In terms of the number of hours spent
   B) By the amount of work they perform
   C) In terms of the work done in 8 hours
   D) By the quality of the work they do

8. A) Those whose culture facilitates their advancement
   B) Those allowing them to do projects of their choice
   C) Those whose values align with their own
   D) Those refraining from discrediting their perspectives

9. A) They may unconsciously help customers choose greener dishes
   B) They may unintentionally encourage customers to eat meat
   C) They raise customers' environmental awareness
   D) They enable customers to eat in a healthy way

10. A) By inviting them to taste different kinds of food
   B) By observing the eating behaviour of strict vegetarians
   C) By comparing participants eating vegetarian food frequently with those doing so rarely
   D) By requiring participants to choose a meal as if they were feasting at a family gathering

11. A) They are less likely to choose a vegetarian dish
   B) They find vegetarian dishes become more appealing
   C) They tend to consume larger portions of unhealthy food
   D) They are less likely to choose dishes recommended by chefs

12. A) They have found a solution to the global problem of air pollution
   B) They have managed to freeze polluting particles to around -18℃
   C) They have been seeking a way to prevent pollutants from penetrating indoors
   D) They have been cooperating closely on developing a new type of air-conditioner

13. A) They can be costly and inefficient
   B) They are constantly being perfected
   C) They are by-products of health research
   D) They can save over 40,000 lives each year

14. A) They keep their windows closed
   B) They spend a lot more time indoors
   C) They make more use of air-conditioners
   D) They try various ways to purify indoor air

15. A) It shows the importance of eliminating indoor pollution
   B) It may change the way of future environmental research
   C) It demonstrates the fruitful cooperation between UK and Chinese scientists
   D) It may make household appliances serve an additional air cleaner function

16. A) It distinguishes different species of animals
   B) It reflects distinct traits in animal behaviour
   C) It demonstrates animals5 ability to recognise themselves
   D) It gauges the level of intelligence of various animal species

17. A) It meets few of the behavioural criteria set in the mirror test
   B) It behaves similarly to animals capable of self-recognition
   C) It removes marks from itself to show self-awareness
   D) It matches children over 18 months in intelligence

18. A) They have conclusively established the criteria of animal intelligence
   B) They have advanced the concept of self-awareness to a higher level
   C) They incorporate more perspectives than one
   D) They raise more questions than answers

19. A) Small children are even more keen on screens than their elders
   B) Both parents and children preferred to read electronic books
   C) Parents differed from children in reading behavior
   D) Children reading electronic books learned more

20. A) They came to conflicting conclusions
   B) They were based on small samples
   C) They yielded unanticipated findings
   D) They were focused on younger kids

21. A) Those that prove simple enough fbr them to comprehend
   B) Those that produce both audio and visual effects on them
   C) Those that draw their attention to the educational content
   D) Those that contribute to their increased interest in reading

22. A) Regret having wasted much time in making them
   B) Think how different we could have made them
   C) Keep ourselves from regretting them
   D) Live with them for the time being

23. A) It has made us the person we are now
   B) It has been made with a lot of thinking
   C) It stems from our valuable knowledge
   D) It benefits us greatly one way or another

24. A) Challenging things to do
   B) Beautiful things to share
   C) Choices to make
   D) Lessons to learn

25. A) Foreseeing the possibility for regret later
   B) Making proper use of the lessons learned
   C) Perfecting the decision-making strategies
   D) Seeing them as obstacles to moving forward
