Part Ⅱ                   Listening Comprehension                          (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will
be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A),B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Conversation One
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) He cooks dinner for the family occasionally.
   B) He dines out from time to time with friends.
   C) He shares some of the household duties.
   D) He often goes back home late for dinner.
2. A) To take him to dinner.                      C) To talk about a budget plan.
   B) To discuss an urgent problem.               D) To pass on an important message.
3. A) Foreign investors are losing confidence in India’s economy.
   B) Many multinational enterprises are withdrawing from India.
   C) There is a sharp increase in India’s balance of payment deficit.
   D) There are wild fluctuations in the international money market.
4. A) JL Motors is a company with the business of bicycle sales.
   B) The Indian rupee has been steady on the foreign exchange market.
   C) JL Motors is an Indian company with a promising prospect.
   D) The man doesn’t agree to the woman’s proposal.
Conversation Two
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) They try to adapt to their changing roles.
   B) They form a more realistic picture of life.
   C) They may not be prepared for a lifelong relationship.
   D) They have unrealistic expectations about the other half.
6. A) He is lucky to be able to do what he loves.
   B) He is able to meet many interesting people.
   C) He is able to forget all the troubles in his life.
   D)He is lucky to have visited many exotic places.
7. A) It is stressful.                            C) it is full of fun.
   B) It is all glamour.                          D) It is challenging.
8. A) Amazed.                                     C) Puzzled.
   B) Bothered.                                   D) Excited.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you
will hear three or four questions.Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only
once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A),B),C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) Learn to be respectful in a hierarchical organization.
   B) Follow closely the fast development of technology.
   C) Learn new ways of relating and working together.
   D) Maintain the traditional organizational culture.
10. A) How the team is built to keep improving its performance.
    B) What type of personnel the team should be composed of.
    C) How the team integrates with what it is supposed to serve.
    D) What qualifications team members should be equipped with.
11. A) A team manager must set very clear and high objectives.
    B) Teams must consist of members from different cultures.
    C) Team members should be knowledgeable and creative.
    D) A team manager should develop a certain set of skills.
Passage Two
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Word-of-mouth advertising.                 C) Prestige advertising.
    B) Distributing free trial products.          D) Institutional advertising.
13. A) To sell a particular product.              C) To promote a specific service.
    B) To attract high-end consumers.             D) To build up their reputation.
14. A) By creating their own ads and commercials.
    B) By buying media space in leading newspapers.
    C) By hiring their own professional advertising staff.
    D) By using the services of large advertising agencies.
15. A) Conduct a large-scale survey on customer needs.
    B) Specify the objectives of the campaign in detail.
    C) Pre-test alternative ads or commercials in certain regions.
    D) Decide on what specific means of communication to employ.
Section C
Directions:In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by
three or four questions.The recordings will be played only once.After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 19 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) The effective communication among family members.
    B) The principle of “avoid adding trouble to others”.
    C) The mutual love and caring between parents and children.
    D)Everyone’s commitment to support each other.
17. A) Thinking before speaking.             C) Focusing on the present.
    B)Adopting empathy during communication. D) Listening attentively.
18. A)Adopting nonverbal signals.
    B) Being aggressive or overly stressed.
    C) Maintaining eye contact to show attentiveness.
    D)Keeping a suitable distance and respecting personal space.
19. A) To make sure you turn off your cell phones.
    B) To respect people involved in the conversation.
    C) To show you are an easy-going person.
    D)To offer suggestions actively.
Questions 20 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
20. A) The ability of speaking a certain kind of language.
    B) The ability of mending things.
    C)The ability of building a good relationship.
    D)The ability of healing physical wounds.
21. A)Always feeling miserable when encountering difficulties.
    B) Keeping calm though the child has made the house a mess.
    C)Unwilling to offer a hand to those in troubles.
    D)Feeling superior to everybody else.
22. A) Mental Health: Tool Case of the Mind
    C) Mental Health: The Key to Success
    B)How to Gain Mental Health
    D) Be Careful of Mental Problems
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) Studying hard for a relatively high degree.
    C)Understanding the new trend of career planning.
    B)Having enough knowledge about different careers.
    D)Knowing more about yourself.
24. A)Ask for professional advice from experienced people.
    B) Bring it down to a practical level.
    C)Divide it into smaller and achievable goals.
    D) Find an objective standard to reevaluate your ability.
25. A) To help you to deal with new problems you may meet with in your career better.
    B) To ensure that you achieve something big sometime in the future.
    C) To shorten the time you are tangled up with tricky situations.
    D) To accelerate the process of climbing up the social ladder.