Part Ⅱ                  Listening Comprehension                            (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will
be spoken only once.After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A),B),C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Conversation One
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) To test how responsive dolphins are to various signals.
   B) To see if dolphins can learn to communicate with each other.
   C) To examine how long it takes dolphins to acquire a skill.
   D) To find out if the female dolphin is cleverer than the male one.
2. A) Raise their heads above the water.            C) Press the right-hand lever first.
   B) Swim straight into the same tank.             D) Produce the appropriate sound.
3. A) Both dolphins were put in the same tank.
   B) The male dolphin received more rewards.
   C) Only one dolphin was able to see the light.
   D) The lever was beyond the dolphins’ reach.
4. A) Both the dolphins did a perfect job and were rewarded with fish.
   B) The male dolphin failed to press the levers in the correct order.
   C) The female dolphin made a mistake when communicating with the male dolphin.
   D) Dr. Bastian was surprised to see the dolphins weren’t as smart as expected.
Conversation Two
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) In a resort town.                           C) On a cattle farm.
   B) In a lecture room.                          D) In a botanical garden.
6. A) It is an ideal place for people to retire to.
   B) It has kept many traditions from Victorian times.
   C) It is at the centre of the fashion industry.
   D) It remains very attractive with its mineral waters.
7. A) It is located in the eastern part of Harrogate.
   B) It will be used as a centre for athletic training.
   C) It was named after a land owner in the old days.
   D) it is protected as parkland by a special law.
8. A) The beautiful flowers.                      C) The refreshing air.
   B) The vast grassland.                         D) The mineral waters.
Section B
Directions: In this section,you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you
will hear three or four questions.Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only
once.After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A),B),C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) He provides counseling for university students.
   B) He teaches psychology at Ohio State University.
   C) He specializes in interpersonal relationships.
   D) He has experience tutoring black students.
10. A) Students who scored low on standardized tests.
    B) Students who are accustomed to living in dorms.
    C) Black students from families with low incomes.
    D) Black freshmen with high standardized test scores.
11. A) They generally spent more time together than white pairs.
    B) They moved out of the college dorms at the end of the semester.
    C) They were more appreciative of the university’s housing policy.
    D) They broke up more often than same-race roommates.
12. A) Their test scores rose gradually.
    B) They started doing similar activities.
    C) They grew bored of each other.
    D) Their racial attitudes improved.
Passage Two
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) It can help solve global food crises.      C) It has attracted worldwide attention.
    B) It will change the concept of food.        D) It will become popular gradually.
14. A) It has been drastically cut by NASA.       C) It has been increased over the years.
    B) It comes regularly from its donors.        D) It is still far from being sufficient.
15. A) They are not as natural as we believed.    C) They are more nutritious and delicious.
    B) They are less healthy than we expected.    D) They are not as expensive as before.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by
three or four questions.The recordings will be played only once.After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B), C) and D).Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Exhausting jobs and wasted time.
    B) Wrong eating habits and wasted time.
    C) Pollution and cognitive decline.
    D) Exhausting jobs and wrong eating habits.
17. A) Adequate sleep.                             C) Music.
    B) Laugh or smile.                             D) Exercise.
18. A) Massage helps to improve physical function and reduce stress.
    B) Massage plays a role in mood-boosting and is good for sleep.
    C) Essential oils used in massage help to eliminate various diseases.
    D) Essential oils used in massage do good to your memory and thinking.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They spent more money in promoting their political candidates.
    B) They attracted more members and focused on candidates’ characters.
    C) They had more influence over the selection of political candidates.
    D) They received more money from sponsors as campaign funds.
20. A) It made politics seem more intimate to citizens.
    B) It provided detailed information about a candidate’s behaviour.
    C) It allowed news coverage of political candidates.
    D) It placed political issues within a historical context.
21. A) Politicians dislike explaining their own positions on specific issues to citizens.
    B )Politicians make claims without providing arguments for the claims.
    C)Politicians enjoy explaining issues and arguing with competitors.
    D) Politicians take stronger positions on political issues than in the past.
22. A) They can obtain more television coverage for themselves.
    B)They can create more time to discuss political issues.
    C) They can spend more time talking to citizens in person.
    D)They can engage in debates with their opponents.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) They are not based on a representative sampling.
    B) They are used only on television broadcasting.
    C) They are not carefully worded and organized.
    D)They reflect political opinions from the public.
24. A) A large number of respondents taking part in the survey.
    B)Carefully worded and understandable questions.
    C) An interviewer’s ability to understand respondents’ feelings.
    D) A sociologist who is able to interpret the results.
25. A)Live interviews cost less money and energy.
    B)Live interviews can obtain more information.
    C)Live interviews are easier to carry out.
    D)Live interviews minimize the influence of the researcher.