Part II                       Listening Comprehension                           (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be
spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Touch his heart.                             C) Remind him of his life.
   B) Make him cry.                                D) Make him feel young.
2. A) He is good at singing operas.                C) He can sing any song if he likes it.
   B) He enjoys complicated music.                 D) He loves country music in particular.
3. A) He can’t do such a complicated piece of music as the opera.
   B) He can’t sing a song that he doesn’t like.
   C) He can’t concentrate on his singing sometimes.
   D) He can’t play musical instrument while singing.
4. A) Go to a bar and drink for hours.
   B) Go to an isolated place to sing blues.
   C) Go to see a performance in a concert hall.
   D) Go to work and wrap himself up in music.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) How he became an announcer.                  C) How he makes his living.
   B) How he writes news stories.                  D) How he does his job.
6. A) They write the first version of news stories.
   B) They gather news stories on the spot.
   C) They polish incoming news stories.
   D) They write comments on major news stories.
7. A) Reading through the news stories in a given period of time.
   B) Having little time to read the news before going on the air.
   C) Having to change the tone of his voice from time to time.
   D) Getting all the words and phrases pronounced correctly.
8. A) It shows where advertisements come in.
   B) It gives a signal for him to slow down.
   C) It alerts him to something important.
   D) It serves as a reminder of sad news.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages.At the end of each passage, you will
hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.
After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked
A),B),C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line
through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They offer students a wide variety of courses.
   B) They attract students from all over the world.
   C) They admit more students than they can handle.
   D) They have trouble dealing with overseas students.
10. A) Everyone will benefit from education sooner or later.
    B) A good education contributes to the prosperity of a nation.
    C) A good education is necessary for one to climb the social ladder.
    D) Everyone has a right to an education appropriate to his potential.
11. A) He likes students with high motivation.
    B) He enjoys teaching intelligent students.
    C) He tailors his teaching to students’ needs.
    D) He treats all his students in a fair manner.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) It is mostly imported from the Middle East.
    B) It is a sure indicator of its economic activity.
    C) It has a direct impact on the international oil market.
    D) It equals more than 30 million barrels of oil each day.
13. A) It eventually turns into heat.
    B) It is used in a variety of forms.
    C) Its use is chiefly responsible for air pollution.
    D) Part of it is lost in the process of transmission.
14. A) When it is used in rural areas.        C) When it operates at near capacity.
    B) When it is environment-friendly.       D) When it operates at regular times.
15. A) Traffic jams in cities.                C) Fuel shortage.
    B) Inefficient use of energy.             D) Global warming.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by
three or four questions.The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Smelling scented candles.                    C) Talking with your parents often.
    B) Setting an alarm for waking up.              D) Listening to an upsetting song.
17. A) Handle the overwhelming unopened mail and tiny tasks within one minute.
    B) Do anything that can be done in less than one minute without delay.
    C) Do everything that can’t be done in a minute within one minute.
    D) Documents must be printed out and filed within one minute.
18. A) Strict habits.                                 C) Hard rules.
    B) Positive attitude.                             D) Decision-making methods.
Questions 19 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It takes great pains for a person to be very rich.
    B) Not Everyone wants to be too rich.
    C) A person will never be satisfied with his wealth.
    D) A person will never have the feeling of being wealthy.
20. A) Introducing a topic.                           C) Making a complaint.
    B) Telling a joke.                                D) Making a decision.
21. A) They were well paid by the German government.
    B) They gathered mostly in London during the war.
    C) They didn’t provide any valuable information for Germany.
    D) They worked for both their own country and their enemies.
22. A) Some common chicken food in America.
    B) The living and working conditions of Americans.
    C) The German and British spies in World War Two.
    D) Some expressions related to money.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) The husband is the head of the household.
    B) The husband usually makes big decisions.
    C) The wife lives within her husband’s income.
    D) The wife works and does two kinds of jobs.
24. A) Their mother would help them to get ready for school and to make their breakfast.
    B) They had to help their mother and father to take care of their younger sisters and brothers.
    C) Their mother had to get up early in the morning to drive them to school.
    D) They were spoiled by their parents and didn’t want to go to school.
25. A) The roles of the father, mother, and children have changed.
    B) An increasing number of women work outside the home.
    C) Changes have taken place in the structure of an American family.
    D) The increasingly rapid pace of life makes people under greater pressure.