1. A) Changing his major
   B) His family situation
   C) Revising his graduation thesis
   D) His passion for Art History

2. A) He doesn't think it legitimate to depend on his father
   B) He thinks his financial situation has now changed
   C) He doesn't think it will provide him with a living
   D) He thinks it nourishes the financially secure only

3. A) Try his best to socialize and build a network in the art industry
   B) Seek financially viable employment opportunities after graduation
   C) Investigate all possible ways to become a celebrity in the art world
   D) Strike a balance between intellectual pursuits and financial security

4. A) Money
   B) Time
   C) Determination
   D) Optimism

5. A) Their decision on investigating beef consumption
   B) Their original ideas about the domestic market
   C) Their different approaches to a case study
   D) Their end-of-semester business projects

6. A) Expanding farmland out west
   B) Importing most of the beef
   C) Raising cattle domestically
   D) Continuing to boost economic growth

7. A) Technical equipment
   B) Business consultancy
   C) Beef
   D) Carwashing

8. A) Car owners of all walks of life
   B) High-end customers in big cities
   C) Consumers craving for professional service
   D) Well-off dealers seeking a profitable markup

9. A) Parents' talking with them during TV time raises their curiosity levels
   B) Their daily television exposure cuts parent-child conversation time
   C) The more TV they watch the poorer their progress in development
   D) Their socioeconomic levels impact their academic achievement

10. A) Kids' enhanced learning
   B) Kids' curiosity levels
   C) Kids' reading and math
   D) Kids' behavioral development

11. A) It can hinder kids from getting on with their peers
   B) It can cut into kids' time on exploratory activities
   C) It can arouse kids' interest in how people interact in real life
   D) It can widen the gap between kids from different economic statuses

12. A) Exerting ourselves too hard in order to attain our life's goals
   B) Being possessed with a single thought of professional success
   C) Trying every means to beat others in terms of personal aspirations
   D) Being mindlessly driven to possess more and more material things

13. A) We might isolate ourselves from our fellow beings
   B) We might acquire an incorrect sense of well-being
   C) We might end up pursuing all the wrong things
   D) We might make a mess of our personal lives

14. A) They should be based on solid theoretical concepts
   B) They should take personal interests into account
   C) They should include goals to help other people
   D) They should increase our sense of worthiness

15. A) Drifting through life aimlessly
   B) Giving up the chance to fulfill yourself
   C) Abandoning all that life has to offer
   D) Spoiling your character and integrity

16. A) Grade-raising ways and means
   B) Pressure-alleviating exercise
   C) Revision-conducting approaches
   D) Brain-boosting food and drink

17. A) Buying it from coffee shops
   B) Building up a tolerance of it
   C) Drinking it after 2 pm
   D) Consuming it with sugar

18. A) By taking varied vitamin supplements
   B) By consuming a rich variety of foods
   C) By eating both oranges and frozen berries
   D) By getting components packaged in tablets

19. A) Many people across advanced economies think the world is going from bad to worse
   B) The news focuses on reporting catastrophes that occur across the world
   C) A significant part of the world is experiencing another great recession
   D) Many people have no idea of those living under miserable conditions

20. A) It has experienced ups and downs like any other historical trend
   B) It is hailed as a miracle by both economists and ordinary people
   C) It is the only way for all countries to share economic prosperity
   D) It has given more and more countries a rare chance to thrive

21. A) Their fortunes may take a downturn
   B) They can be classified as middle class
   C) Their living standards have been deteriorating
   D) They are experiencing a radical transformation

22. A) Why smells can activate emotional memories
   B) How powerful the sense of smell can become
   C) How scent particles revive memories forgotten
   D) Why the scent of bread has a strong mental impact

23. A) The brain cells' processing of memories experienced as strongly emotional
   B) The activation of the brain's emotion processing area by chemical particles
   C) The interaction between chemical particles and the brain cells responsible for smell
   D) The sensations of scents going directly to the brain's emotional and memory centers

24. A) Imagination
   B) Association
   C) Experience
   D) Context

25. A) Inaccuracy and alterability
   B) Susceptibility to polar interpretations
   C) Being personal and individualistic
   D) Being dependent on relevant scenarios
