1. A) Preparing for a job interview
   B) Writing a work report together
   C) Going through a couple of issues the company faces
   D) Discussing the woman's annual performance review

2. A) The overall culture of the company
   B) The instruction from her supervisor
   C) The honesty of the manager
   D) The recognition of her merits

3. A) Her inadequate language proficiency
   B) Her inability to interact with colleagues properly
   C) Her inappropriate behavior at company meetings
   D) Her simplistic approach to dealing with others

4. A) To avoid offending the recipients
   B) To show her unique writing style
   C) To save time
   D) To be frank

5. A) Provide medical service to the community
   B) Make healthcare in her hometown the best
   C) Obtain a doctoral degree in internal medicine
   D) Have a profound impact on people around her

6. A) They have constantly urged her to study hard
   B) They have worked hard to finance her education
   C) They have tried to create a positive learning environment
   D) They have pursued the family's dreams together with her

7. A) It is a key medical branch conducive to realizing her dreams
   B) It connects many other specialties with its broad coverage
   C) It has a long history in the man's prestigious institution
   D) It is a medical branch both of her parents specialize in

8. A) Problematic
   B) Competitive
   C) Inconsistent
   D) Trustworthy

9. A) To prevent hackers from cracking our secret codes
   B) To show that all the guidelines are being followed
   C) To provide evidence that passwords are forgotten
   D) To convince our computer that we are human

10. A) Put an end to the hacking phenomenon
   B) Help people remember their passwords
   C) Reduce the intricacy of the password itself
   D) Explain the need for different email accounts

11. A) Innovate technologies to ensure the safety of users' accounts
   B) Provide incentives for the application of creative passwords
   C) Explore the possibility of using simpler secret codes
   D) Take steps to encourage users to log in more often

12. A) Her work no longer interested her
   B) Her training app did not fit her
   C) Her fitness fell into a slump
   D) Her business deteriorated

13. A) Help users keep track of their fitness levels
   B) Design personalised training programmes
   C) Strengthen ties among users worldwide
   D) Select well-qualified human coaches

14. A) They are never repeated
   B) They help enrich her life
   C) They are of no extreme intensity
   D) They keep her focused on her goal

15. A) They will not be able to take the place of human personal trainers
   B) They will not be able to comprehend some of the profiles users put in
   C) They cannot lead to optimal results with their mathematical approach
   D) They cannot match humans in arranging meticulous workout schedules

16. A) All societies are built upon the cornerstones of basic values
   B) Everyone everywhere demonstrates seven character traits
   C) All societies are kept together by seven basic moral rules
   D) Everyone everywhere shares a universal moral standard

17. A) Ascertain whether deferring to authority was confined to right-wing people
   B) Find out whether different societies had different versions of morality
   C) Make clear whether all societies faced the same moral issues
   D) Find out whether left-wing people still had a group loyalty

18. A) Make independent descriptions of cultures around the world
   B) Strive to understand the basic differences between peoples
   C) Appreciate the foundational value of the existing data
   D) Carry out systematic field studies to gather new data

19. A) They might be the most important part of our eating experience
   B) They can activate our brain functions in a most direct fashion
   C) They can be viewed as the windows to our soul
   D) They could mislead us in more ways than one

20. A) It attracts food companies' growing attention
   B) It adversely impacts one's eating experience
   C) It invariably determines how food sells
   D) It changes the way people taste food

21. A) Enhance the taste
   B) Make predictions
   C) Identify distinct flavors
   D) Enrich the eating experience

22. A) Social status
   B) Financial resources
   C) Meaning
   D) Happiness

23. A) Their effect on people's happiness has long been overstated
   B) Their influence on people's life varies with social contexts
   C) They can affect people's experience of meaning
   D) They can ensure people's overall well-being

24. A) It used questions totally different from those in their first study
   B) It focused on the sense of meaning of French participants
   C) It analysed cases from a daily poll of US residents
   D) It examined data collected from multiple countries

25. A) They might have more access to external sources of happiness
   B) They might focus on an individual sense of satisfaction or meaning
   C) They might be less easily affected by a community's overall feeling
   D) They might be less adversely impacted by failure to achieve a purpose
