1. A) He is a staff writer
   B) He is an adventurer
   C) He is an author of fiction
   D) He is a father of four kids

2. A) They are interested in fairy tales
   B) They are curious and autonomous
   C) They are a headache to their parents
   D) They are ignorant of politics

3. A) He offers them ample editorial guidance
   B) He recommends model essays to them
   C) He gives them encouragement
   D) He teaches them proofreading

4. A) Her tastes in books changed
   B) She realized the power of reading
   C) Her reading opened her eyes to the world
   D) She began to perceive the world differently

5. A) She is a website designer
   B) She is a university graduate
   C) She is a main street store owner
   D) She is a successful entrepreneur

6. A) They were repeatedly rejected by shops
   B) They were popular with her classmates
   C) They showed her natural talent
   D) They were mostly failures

7. A) She had a strong interest in doing it
   B) She did not like ready-made clothes
   C) She could not find clothes of her size
   D) She found clothes in shops unaffordable

8. A) Study fashion design at college
   B) Improve her marketing strategy
   C) Add designs for women
   D) Expand her business

9. A) Utilizing artificial intelligence to find a powerful new antibiotic
   B) Discovering bacteria which are resistant to all known antibiotics
   C) Identifying bacterial strains that are most harmful to human health
   D) Removing a deadly strain of bacteria in humans with a new antibiotic

10. A) Ever-increasing strains of bacteria
   B) Bacteria's resistance to antibiotics
   C) The similarity between known drugs
   D) The growing threat of bacteria to health

11. A) Dispense with experimental testing
   B) Predict whether compounds are toxic
   C) Foresee human reaction to antibiotics
   D) Combat bacteria's resistance to antibiotics

12. A) By theorization
   B) By generalization
   C) By observation
   D) By conversation

13. A) They are easy to detect
   B) They are well intended
   C) They are groundless
   D) They are harmless

14. A) Mostly by chance
   B) Basically objective
   C) Subject to their mental alertness
   D) Dependent on their analytical ability

15. A) Looking the speaker in the eye
   B) Listening carefully to the speaker
   C) Measuring the speaker's breathing rate
   D) Focusing on the speaker's facial expressions

16. A) They don't treat patients with due respect
   B) They witness a lot of doctor-patient conflicts
   C) They have to deal with social workers9 strikes
   D) They don't care how much patients have to pay

17. A) Appear submissive and grateful to doctors and nurses
   B) Express a strong desire to be consulted or informed
   C) Refrain from saying anything that sounds negative
   D) Note down the names of all the doctors and nurses

18. A) Cooperative
   B) Appreciative
   C) Passive
   D) Responsive

19. A) Its members work together despite risks of failure
   B) It prioritizes recruiting young energetic members
   C) Its members stay in touch even after it breaks up
   D) It grows more and more mature professionally

20. A) Their differences are likely to impact productivity
   B) Their similarity is conducive to future collaboration
   C) Their connections strengthen with the passage of time
   D) Their mutual understanding stems from a common goal

21. A) It is characterized by diversity
   B) Its goals are quite inconsistent
   C) Its members have similar backgrounds
   D) It is connected by a unique mechanism

22. A) Putting aside twenty percent of one's earnings
   B) Spending in anticipation of becoming wealthy
   C) Living off a small proportion of one's income
   D) Saving as much as one can possibly manage

23. A) It empowers them to cope with irrational emotions
   B) It will guarantee the profits from their investments
   C) It will turn them into successful financial planners
   D) It enables them to focus on long-term investments

24. A) They count on others to take the responsibility
   B) They change their investment strategy in time
   C) They think they themselves are to blame
   D) They persist rather than get discouraged

25. A) They do not resist novel lifestyles
   B) They do not try to keep up with others
   C) They do not care what they have acquired
   D) They do not pressure themselves to get rich
