Part Ⅱ                     Listening Comprehension                        (30 minutes)

Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will
be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A),B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Conversation One
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It is well paid.                                C) It is demanding.
   B) It is stimulating.                              D) It is fairly secure.
2. A) A quick promotion.                              C) Moving expenses.
   B) Free accommodation.                             D) A lighter workload.
3. A) He has difficulty communicating with local people.
   B) He has to spend a lot more traveling back and forth.
   C) He has trouble adapting to the local weather.
   D) He has to sign a long-term contract.
4. A) The woman will help the man make a choice.
   B) The man is going to attend a job interview.
   C) The man is in the process of job hunting.
   D) The woman sympathizes with the man.
Conversation Two
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) To inquire about the interest rates at the woman’s bank.
   B) To inquire about the current financial market situation.
   C) To see if he can find a job in the woman’s company.
   D) To see if he can get a loan from the woman’s bank.
6. A) There is no difference between rate and yield.
   B) The man has a good understanding of rate and yield.
   C) The rate is the percentage of simple interest paid on the money.
   D) The yield is only influenced by the amount of money.
7. A) Long-term investment.                           C) Any high-interest deposit.
   B) A three-month deposit.                          D) Any high-yield investment.
8. A) She treated him to a meal.                      C) She offered him dining coupons.
   B) She gave him loans at low rates.                D) She raised interest rates for him.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you
will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only
once.After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A),B),C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 9 to 12 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) It is a Portuguese company selling coffee in New York.
   B) Its most important task is to conduct coffee studies.
   C) It represents several countries that export coffee.
   D) Its role is to regulate international coffee prices.
10. A) The freezing weather in Brazil.
    C) The increased coffee consumption.
    B) The impact of global warming.
    D) The fluctuation of coffee prices.
11. A) He is doing a bachelor’s degree.                 C) He is a heavy coffee drinker.
    B) He is young, handsome and single.                D) He is tall, rich and intelligent.
12. A) A visit to several coffee-growing plantations.
    B) Coffee prices and his advertising campaign.
    C) A vacation on some beautiful tropical beach.
    D) A quick promotion and a handsome income.
Passage Two
Questions 13 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
13. A) They were held up in a traffic jam.
    B) They boarded a wrong coach in a hurry.
    C) They were late for the first morning bus.
    D) They were delayed by the train for hours.
14. A) It was canceled because of an unexpected strike.
    C) It was spoiled by poor accommodations.
    B) It was the most exciting trip they ever had.
    D) It was postponed due to terrible weather.
15. A) Go overseas.                                     C) Take romantic cruises.
    B) Stay at home.                                    D) Take escorted trips.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by
three or four questions.The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A),B), C) and D).Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 19 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) Their extraordinary intelligence.                C) The way they communicate.
    B) The special bones in their fins.                 D) The way they get water.
17. A) They love to keep them as pets just like cats and dogs.
    B ) They love them but cannot live with them.
    C) They can find many stores selling such souvenirs.
   D) They believe such souvenirs can bring good luck.
18. A) They made them swim around their ships.
    B) They painted their images on some items.
    C) They hunted them in great numbers.
    D) They trained them to perform tricks.
19. A)They are hunted in many places except Japan.
    B) They have been protected thanks to literature and film.
    C) They have adapted to the life in captivity.
    D) They are losing their habitat and clean sea.
Questions 20 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
20. A) It won’t have any side-effect.
    B) It can kill drug-resistant tumours.
    C) It can be as effective as conventional treatments.
    D) It can stop cancer cells from spreading in the body.
21. A) How to find a way to deliver viruses to tumours effectively.
    B) How to inject viruses directly into tumours.
    C) How to allow viruses to do what chemotherapy drugs do.
    D) How to strengthen the body’s immune system.
22. A) To use it to cure 75% of the patients with malignant cancers.
    B) To make it accepted by the patients with incurable cancers.
    C) To apply it to those with secondary cancers.
    D) To apply it to treat all kinds of cancers.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) It allows users of some Kindle devices to borrow books from local libraries.
    B) It has benefited more than eleven thousand local libraries in the US.
    C) It has led to a debate between publishers and libraries over e-book lending.
    D) It aims at allowing everyone to read books anytime they like.
24. A) They can purchase any kind of media product.
    B)They can lend books to readers repeatedly.
    C)They can deal with digital products as they like.
    D) They can limit the time the readers keep a certain book.
25. A) By allowing libraries to purchase e-books for lending in perpetuity.
    B)By adopting the technology known as digital rights management.
    C) By requiring libraries to purchase more of its e-book.
    D) By persuading the critics to support the publishers.