Part Ⅱ                       Listening Comprehension                        (30 minutes)

Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each
conversation, you will hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will
be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A ),B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Conversation One
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) Persuade the man to join her company.            C) Export bikes to foreign markets.
   B) Employ the most up-to-date technology.           D) Expand their domestic business.
2. A) The state subsidizes small and medium enterprises.
   B) The government has control over bicycle imports.
   C) They can compete with the best domestic manufacturers.
   D) They have a cost advantage and can charge higher prices.
3. A) Extra costs might eat up their profits abroad.
   B) More workers will be needed to do packaging.
   C) They might lose to foreign bike manufacturers.
   D) It is very difficult to find suitable local agents.
4. A) Report to the management.                        C)Conduct a feasibility study.
   B) Attract foreign investments.                     D) Consult financial experts.
Conversation Two
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) Coal burnt daily for the comfort of our homes.
   B) Anything that can be used to produce power.
   C) Fuel refined from oil extracted from underground.
   D) Electricity that keeps all kinds of machines running.
6. A) Oil will soon be replaced by alternative energy sources.
   B) Oil reserves in the world will be exhausted in a decade.
   C) Oil consumption has given rise to many global problems.
   D) Oil production will begin to decline worldwide by 2025.
7. A) Minimize the use of fossil fuels.
   B) Start developing alternative fuels.
   C) Find the real cause for global warming.
   D) Take steps to reduce the greenhouse effect.
8. A) They release harmful substances when they are burned.
   B) They dissolve in the water and cause a waste of water.
   C) They release poisonous gas and lead to pollution.
   D) They are burned inefficiently resulting in a waste of resources.

Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage,you
will hear three or four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only
once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices
marked A),B), C) and D).Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a
single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) The ability to predict fashion trends.          C) Years of practical experience.
   B) A refined taste for artistic works.             D) Strict professional training.
10. A) Promoting all kinds of American hand-made specialties.
    B) Strengthening cooperation with foreign governments.
    C) Conducting trade in art works with dealers overseas.
    D) Purchasing handicrafts from all over the world.
11. A) She has access to fashionable things.
    B) She is doing what she enjoys doing.
    C) She can enjoy life on a modest salary.
    D) She is free to do whatever she wants.
Passage Two
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) Join in neighborhood patrols.
    B) Get involved in his community.
    C) Voice his complaints to the city council.
    D) Make suggestions to the local authorities.
13. A) Deterioration in the quality of life.
    B) Increase of police patrols at night.
    C) Renovation of the vacant buildings.
    D) Violation of community regulations.
14. A) They may take a long time to solve.
    B) They need assistance from the city.
    C) They have to be dealt with one by one.
    D) They are too big for individual efforts.
15. A) He had got some groceries at a big discount.
    B) He had read a funny poster near his seat.
    C) He had done a small deed of kindness.
    D) He had caught the bus just in time.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by
three or four questions.The recordings will be played only once.After you hear a question,
you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then
mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 19 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) The difficulties of industrialization in North America.
    B) The influence of industrialization on people’s life.
    C) The negative effect of industrialization in North America.
    D) Improved ways of organizing the manufacturing of goods.
17. A) To provide an example of how entrepreneurs increased output by using an extended work system.
    B) To provide an example of how entrepreneurs used technological improvements to increase output.
    C) To provide an example of how rural workers responded to shoe bosses.
    D) To provide an example of how changes in the work system improved the quality of shoes.
18. A)They were located away from large cities.
    B)They used new technology to produce power.
    C)They did not allow flour to cool before it was placed in barrels.
    D) They combined technology with the work system.
19. A) It became easier for factory owners to find workers and customers.
    B)Manufacturers had to employ more highly skilled workers.
    C) The amount of power required for factories’ operation was reduced.
    D)Factories could operate more than one engine at a time.
Questions 20 to 22 are based on the recording you have just heard.
20. A) The Civil War.
    B) An economic depression.
    C) A recognition that romanticism was unpopular.
    D) An increased interest in the study of common speech.
21. A) Because he wrote humorous stories and novels.
    B) Because he rejected romanticism as a literary approach.
    C) Because he was the first realist writer in the United States.
    D) Because he influenced American prose style through his use of common speech.
22. A) He mainly wrote about historical subjects such as the Civil War.
    B) His novels often contained elements of humor.
    C) He viewed himself more as a social observer than as a literary artist.
    D) He believed writers should emphasize the positive aspects of life.
Questions 23 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
23. A) They have remained basically unchanged from their original forms.
    B) They have been able to adapt to ecological changes.
    C) They have caused rapid change in the environment.
    D) They are no longer in existence.
24. A) Extinction of species has occurred from time to time throughout Earth’s history.
    B) Extinctions on Earth have generally been massive.
    C) There has been only one mass extinction in Earth’s history.
    D) Dinosaurs became extinct much earlier than scientists originally believed.

25. A) Extinctions during the past 25 million years have tended to be more intense every 2.6 million years.
    B) The theory that the periodic extinction had something to do with the Earth’s movement is only a speculation.
    C) This finding was already confirmed by the most prestigious scientists in the world.
    D) A species’ survival totally depends on its ability or inability to adapt.