1. A) Stop worrying about him
   B) Keep away from the statue
   C) Take a picture of him
   D) Put on a smile for the photo

2. A) Gaining great fame on the Internet
   B) Publishing a collection of his photos
   C) Collecting the best photos in the world
   D) Becoming a professional photographer

3. A) Surfing various websites and collecting photos
   B) Editing his pictures and posting them online
   C) Following similar accounts to compare notes
   D) Studying the pictures in popular social media

4. A) They are far from satisfactory
   B) They are mostly taken by her mom
   C) They make an impressive album
   D) They record her fond memories

5. A) A journal reporting the latest progress in physics
   B) An introductory course of modern physics
   C) An occasion for physicists to exchange ideas
   D) A series of interviews with outstanding physicists

6. A) The future of the physical world
   B) The origin of the universe
   C) Sources of radiation
   D) Particle theory

7. A) How matter collides with anti-matter
   B) Whether the universe will turn barren
   C) Why there exists anti-matter
   D) Why there is a universe at all

8. A) Matter and anti-matter are opposites of each other
   B) Anti-matter allowed humans to come into existence
   C) The universe formed due to a sufficient amount of matter
   D) Anti-matter exists in very high-temperature environments

9. A) She found herself speaking a foreign language
   B) She woke up speaking with a different accent
   C) She found some symptoms of her illness gone
   D) She woke up finding herself in another country

10. A) It is usually caused by a stroke or brain injury
   B) It has not yet found any effective treatment
   C) It leaves the patient with a distorted memory
   D) It often happens to people with speech defects

11. A) British
   B) Irish
   C) Russian
   D) Australian

12. A) Water sports
   B) Racing in rivers
   C) Stories about women swimmers
   D) Books about swimming

13. A) She succeeded in swimming across the English Channel
   B) She published a guide to London’s best swimming spots
   C) She told her story of adventures to some young swimmers
   D) She wrote a book about the history of swimwear in the UK

14. A) They loved vacationing on the seashore
   B) They had a unique notion of modesty
   C) They were prohibited from swimming
   D) They were fully dressed when swimming

15. A) She designed lots of appropriate swimwear for women
   B) She once successfully competed against men in swimming
   C) She was the first woman to swim across the English Channel
   D) She was an advocate of women’s right to swim in public pools

16. A) Build a machine that can detect lies
   B) Develop a magnetic brain scanner
   C) Test the credibility of court evidence
   D) Win people’s complete trust in them

17. A) They are optimistic about its potential
   B) They are sceptical of its reliability
   C) They think it is but business promotion
   D) They celebrate it with great enthusiasm

18. A) It is not to be trusted at all
   B) It does not sound economical
   C) It may intrude into people’s privacy
   D) It may lead to overuse in court trials

19. A) Most of its residents speak several languages
   B) Some of its indigenous languages are dying out
   C) Each village there speaks a totally different language
   D) Its languages have interested researchers the world over

20. A) They are spread randomly across the world
   B) Some are more difficult to learn than others
   C) More are found in tropical regions than in the mild zones
   D) They enrich and impact each other in more ways than one

21. A) They used different methods to collect and analyze data
   B) They identified distinct patterns of language distribution
   C) Their conclusions do not correspond to their original hypotheses
   D) There is no conclusive account for the cause of language diversity

22. A) Its middle-class is disappearing
   B) Its wealth is rationally distributed
   C) Its population is rapidly growing
   D) Its cherished dream is coming true

23. A) Success was but a dream without conscientious effort
   B) They could realize their dreams through hard work
   C) A few dollars could go a long way
   D) Wealth was shared by all citizens

24. A) Better working conditions
   B) Better-paying jobs
   C) High social status
   D) Full employment

25. A) Reduce the administrative costs
   B) Adopt effective business models
   C) Hire part-time employees only
   D) Make use of the latest technology
