1. A) It can benefit professionals and non-professionals alike
   B) It lists the various challenges physicists are confronting
   C) It describes how some mysteries of physics were solved
   D) It is one of the most fascinating physics books ever written

2. A) Physicists’ contribution to humanity
   B) Stories about some female physicists
   C) Historical evolution of modern physics
   D) Women’s changing attitudes to physics

3. A) By exposing a lot of myths in physics
   B) By describing her own life experiences
   C) By including lots of fascinating knowledge
   D) By telling anecdotes about famous professors

4. A) It avoids detailing abstract concepts of physics
   B) It contains a lot of thought-provoking questions
   C) It demonstrates how they can become physicists
   D) It provides experiments they can do themselves

5. A) He is too busy to finish his assignment in time
   B) He does not know what kind of topic to write on
   C) He does not understand the professor’s instructions
   D) He has no idea how to proceed with his dissertation

6. A) It is too broad
   B) It is a bit outdated
   C) It is challenging
   D) It is interesting

7. A) Biography
   B) Nature
   C) Philosophy
   D) Beauty

8. A) Improve his cumulative grade
   B) Develop his reading ability
   C) Stick to the topic assigned
   D) List the parameters first

9. A) The unprecedented high temperature in Greenland
   B) The collapse of ice on the northern tip of Greenland
   C) The unusual cold spell in the Arctic area in October
   D) The rapid change of Arctic temperature within a day

10. A) It has created a totally new climate pattern
   B) It will pose a serious threat to many species
   C) It typically appears about once every ten years
   D) It has puzzled the climate scientists for decades

11. A) Extinction of Arctic wildlife
   B) Iceless summers in the Arctic
   C) Emigration of indigenous people
   D) Better understanding of ecosystems

12. A) A good start
   B) A detailed plan
   C) A strong determination
   D) A scientific approach

13. A) Most people get energized after a sufficient rest
   B) Most people tend to have a finite source of energy
   C) It is vital to take breaks between demanding mental tasks
   D) It is most important to have confidence in one’s willpower

14. A) They could keep on working longer
   B) They could do more challenging tasks
   C) They found it easier to focus on work at hand
   D) They held more positive attitudes toward life

15. A) They are part of their nature
   B) They are subject to change
   C) They are related to culture
   D) They are beyond control

16. A) About half of current jobs might be automated
   B) The jobs of doctors and lawyers would be threatened
   C) The job market is becoming somewhat unpredictable
   D) Machine learning would prove disruptive by 2013

17. A) They are widely applicable for massive open online courses
   B) They are now being used by numerous high school teachers
   C) They could read as many as 10,000 essays in a single minute
   D) They could grade high-school essays just like human teachers

18. A) It needs instructions throughout the process
   B) It does poorly on frequent, high-volume tasks
   C) It has to rely on huge amounts of previous data
   D) It is slow when it comes to tracking novel things

19. A) The engineering problems with solar power
   B) The generation of steam with the latest technology
   C) The importance of exploring new energy sources
   D) The theoretical aspects of sustainable energy

20. A) Drive trains with solar energy
   B) Upgrade the city’s train facilities
   C) Build a new ten-kilometre railway line
   D) Cut down the city’s energy consumption

21. A) Build a thank for keeping calcium oxide
   B) Find a new material for storing energy
   C) Recover super-heated steam
   D) Collect carbon dioxide gas

22. A) The lack of supervision by both the national and local governments
   B) The impact of the current economic crisis at home and abroad
   C) The poor management of day centres and home help services
   D) The poor relation between national health and social care services

23. A) It was mainly provided by voluntary services
   B) It mainly caters to the needs of the privileged
   C) It called for a sufficient number of volunteers
   D) It has deteriorated over the past sixty years

24. A) Their longer lifespans
   B) Fewer home helpers available
   C) Their preference for private services
   D) More of them suffering serious illnesses

25. A) They are unable to pay for health services
   B) They have long been discriminated against
   C) They are vulnerable to illnesses and diseases
   D) They have contributed a great deal to society
