1. A) Reply to the man’s last proposal within a short time
   B) Sign the agreement if one small change is made to it
   C) Make a sponsorship deal for her client at the meeting
   D) Give the man some good news regarding the contract

2. A) They are becoming impatient
   B) They are afraid time is running out
   C) They are used to making alterations
   D) They are concerned about the details

3. A) To prevent geographical discrimination
   B) To tap the food and beverage market
   C) To avoid any conflict of interest
   D) To reduce unfair competition

4. A) It is a potential market for food and beverage
   B) It is very attractive for real estate developers
   C) It is a negligible market for his company
   D) It is very different from other markets

5. A) They are thrilled by a rare astronomic phenomenon
   B) They are celebrating a big event on mountain tops
   C) They are enthusiastic about big science-related stories
   D) They are joined by astronomers all across North America

6. A) It will be the most formidable of its kind in over a century
   B) It will come closest to Earth in more than one hundred years
   C) It will eclipse many other such events in human history
   D) It will be seen most clearly from Denver’s mountain tops

7. A) A blur
   B) Stars
   C) The edge of our galaxy
   D) An ordinary flying object

8. A) Use professional equipment
   B) Climb to the nearby heights
   C) Fix their eyes due north
   D) Make use of phone apps

9. A) Whether consumers should be warned against ultra-processed foods
   B) Whether there is sufficient scientific consensus on dietary guidelines
   C) Whether guidelines can form the basis for nutrition advice to consumers
   D) Whether food scientists will agree on the concept of ultra-processed foods

10. A) By the labor cost for the final products
   B) By the degree of industrial processing
   C) By the extent of chemical alteration
   D) By the convention of classification

11. A) Increased consumers’ expenses
   B) Greater risk of chronic diseases
   C) People’s misunderstanding of nutrition
   D) Children’s dislike for unprocessed foods

12. A) They begin to think of the benefits of constraints
   B) They try to seek solutions from creative people
   C) They try hard to maximize their mental energy
   D) They begin to see the world in a different way

13. A) It is characteristic of all creative people
   B) It is essential to pushing society forward
   C) It is a creative person’s response to limitation
   D) It is an impetus to socio-economic development

14. A) Scarcity or abundance of resources has little impact on people’s creativity
   B) Innovative people are not constrained in connecting unrelated concepts
   C) People have no incentive to use available resources in new ways
   D) Creative people tend to consume more available resources

15. A) It is key to a company’s survival
   B) It shapes and focuses problems
   C) It is essential to meeting challenges
   D) It thrives best when constrained

16. A) Because they are learned
   B) Because they come naturally
   C) Because they have to be properly personalized
   D) Because there can be more effective strategies

17. A) The extent of difference and of similarity between the two sides
   B) The knowledge of the specific expectation the other side holds
   C) The importance of one’s goals and of the relationship
   D) The approaches one adopts to conflict management

18. A) The fox
   B) The owl
   C) The shark
   D) The turtle

19. A) Help save species from extinction and boost human health
   B) Understand how plants and animals perished over the past
   C) Help gather information publicly available to researchers
   D) Find out the cause of extinction of Britain’s 66,000 species

20. A) It was once dominated by dinosaurs
   B) It has entered the sixth mass extinction
   C) Its prospects depend on future human behaviour
   D) Its climate change is aggravated by humans

21. A) It dwarfs all other efforts to conserve, protect and restore biodiversity on earth
   B) It is costly to get started and requires the joint efforts of thousands of scientists
   C) It can help to bring back the large numbers of plants and animals that have gone extinct
   D) It is the most exciting, most relevant, most timely and most internationally inspirational

22. A) Cultural identity
   B) Social evolution
   C) The Copernican revolution
   D) Human individuality

23. A) It is a delusion to be disposed of
   B) It is prevalent even among academics
   C) It is a myth spread by John Donne’s poem
   D) It is rooted in the mindset of the 17th century

24. A) He believes in Copernican philosophical doctrines about the universe
   B) He has gained ample scientific evidence at the University of Reading
   C) He has found that our inner self and material self are interconnected
   D) He contends most of our body cells can only live a few days or weeks

25. A) By coming to see how disruptive such problems have got to be
   B) By realising that we all can do our own bit in such endeavours
   C) By becoming aware that we are part of a bigger world
   D) By making joint efforts resolutely and persistently
