1. A) Read numerous comments users put online
   B) Blended all his food without using a machine
   C) Searched for the state-of-the-art models of blenders
   D) Did thorough research on the price of kitchen appliances

2. A) Eating any blended food
   B) Buying a blender herself
   C) Using machines to do her cooking
   D) Making soups and juices for herself

3. A) Cooking every meal creatively in the kitchen
   B) Paying due attention to his personal hygiene
   C) Eating breakfast punctually every morning
   D) Making his own fresh fruit juice regularly

4. A) One-tenth of it is sugar
   B) It looks healthy and attractive
   C) One’s fancy may be tickled by it
   D) It contains an assortment of nutrients

5. A) How he has made himself popular as the mayor of Berkton
   B) How the residents will turn Berkton into a tourist attraction
   C) How charming he himself considers the village of Berkton to be
   D) How he has led people of Berkton to change the village radically

6. A) It was developed only to a limited extent
   B) It was totally isolated as a sleepy village
   C) It was relatively unknown to the outside
   D) It was endowed with rare natural resources

7. A) The people in Berkton were in a harmonious atmosphere
   B) The majority of residents lived in harmony with their neighbors
   C) The majority of residents enjoyed cosy housing conditions
   D) All the houses in Berkton looked aesthetically similar

8. A) They have helped boost the local economy
   B) They have made the residents unusually proud
   C) They have contributed considerably to its popularity
   D) They have brought happiness to everyone in the village

9. A) They have created the smallest remote-controlled walking robot in the world
   B) They are going to publish their research findings in the journal Science Robotics
   C) They are the first to build a robot that can bend, crawl, walk, turn and even jump
   D) They are engaged in research on a remote-controlled robot which uses special power

10. A) It changes its shape by complex hardware
   B) It is operated by a special type of tiny motor
   C) It moves from one place to another by memory
   D) It is powered by the elastic property of its body

11. A) Replace humans in exploratory tasks
   B) Perform tasks in tightly confined spaces
   C) Explore the structure of clogged arteries
   D) Assist surgeons in highly complex surgery

12. A) She threw up in the bathroom
   B) She slept during the entire ride
   C) She dozed off for a few minutes
   D) She boasted of her marathon race

13. A) They are mostly immune to cognitive impairment
   B) They can sleep soundly during a rough ride at sea
   C) They are genetically determined to need less sleep
   D) They constitute about 13 percent of the population

14. A) Whether there is a way to reach elite status
   B) Whether it is possible to modify one’s genes
   C) Whether having a baby impacts one’s passion
   D) Whether one can train themselves to sleep less

15. A) It is in fact quite possible to nurture a passion for sleep
   B) Babies can severely disrupt their parents’ sleep patterns
   C) Being forced to rise early differs from being an early bird
   D) New parents are forced to jump out of bed at the crack of dawn

16. A) We have poor awareness of how many controversial issues are being debated
   B) No one knows better than yourself what you are thinking about at the moment
   C) No one can change your opinions more than those who speak in a convincing tone
   D) We are likely to underestimate how much we can be swayed by a convincing article

17. A) Their belief about physical punishment changed
   B) Their memory pushed them toward a current belief
   C) The memory of their initial belief came back to them
   D) Their experiences of physical punishment haunted them

18. A) They apparently have little to do with moderate beliefs
   B) They don’t reflect the changes of view on physical punishment
   C) They may not apply to changes to extreme or deeply held beliefs
   D) They are unlikely to alter people’s position without more evidence

19. A) American moms have been increasingly inclined to live alone
   B) The American population has been on the rise in the past 25 years
   C) American motherhood has actually been on the decline
   D) The fertility rates in America have in fact been falling sharply

20. A) More new mothers tend to take greater care of their children
   B) More new mothers are economically able to raise children
   C) A larger proportion of women take pride in their children
   D) A larger proportion of women really enjoy motherhood

21. A) The meaning of motherhood has changed considerably
   B) More and more mothers go shopping to treat themselves
   C) More mothers have adult children celebrating the holiday
   D) The number of American mothers has been growing steadily

22. A) Add to indoor toxic pollutants
   B) Absorb poisonous chemicals
   C) Beautify the home environment
   D) Soak up surrounding moisture

23. A) NASA did experiments in sealed containers resembling the super-insulated offices
   B) It was based on experiments under conditions unlike those in most homes or offices
   C) NASA conducted tests in outer space whose environment is different from ours
   D) It drew its conclusion without any contrastive data from other experiments

24. A) Natural ventilation proves much more efficient for cleaning the air than house plants
   B) House plants disperse chemical compounds more quickly with people moving around
   C) Natural ventilation turns out to be most effective with doors and windows wide open
   D) House plants in a normal environment rarely have any adverse impact on the air

25. A) The root cause for misinterpretations of scientific findings
   B) The difficulty in understanding what’s actually happening
   C) The steps to be taken in arriving at any conclusion with certainty
   D) The necessity of continually re-examining and challenging findings
