1. A) Prioritizing happiness over money
   B) Joining the club to get her new book
   C) Managing one’s personal finances wisely
   D) Consuming more only when earning more

2. A) She was in debt
   B) She was a financial adviser
   C) She earned $30,000 a month
   D) She enjoyed a happy life

3. A) It reflects one’s earning power
   B) It varies with one’s environment
   C) It mirrors one’s sense ofwellbeing
   D) It changes with one’s goals in life

4. A) It would give him more time to be with his loved ones
   B) It would be good for those who value relationships
   C) It would mean major sacrifices for him
   D) It would deprive him of his individuality

5. A) It was the artist’s first landscape
   B) It was a painting by Christopher
   C) It was donated by the artist herself
   D) It was displayed at a retirement party

6. A) It was the painting that instantly made her rich
   B) It has cost him a lot of money to purchase tt
   C) It was recently purchased by the gallery
   D) It is owned by an anonymous collector

7. A) It reflects her emotions
   B) It contains ample details
   C) It appears perfectly symmetrical
   D) It depicts the beauty of desolation

8. A) She is eccentric like any other artist
   B) She is a very nice and intelligent artist.
   C) She is as lucky as any acclaimed artist
   D) She is one of the most productive artists

9. A) It is vital to one’s mental health
   B) It leads to reconciliation and peace
   C) It promotes interpersonal relationship
   D) It keeps one from traumatic experience

10. A) When the offender has power over the victim
   B) When the offender is not willing to apologize
   C) When the offender is not duly penalized
   D) When the offender adds insult to injury

11. A) Talk with the offender calmly
   B) Accept the offender’s apology
   C) Find out why he committed the offense
   D) Determine how serious the offense was

12. A) The number of passengers dropped sharply
   B) It served more and more commuters
   C) The number of stations increased to 50
   D) It became the longest in the United Kingdom

13. A) To increase capacity to meet growing needs
   B) To make way for other means of transport
   C) To have its systems modernised
   D) To avoid further financial losses

14. A) It is generally recognised as a world heritage site
   B) It is the fastest way to reach the city’s south side
   C) It constitutes a source of revenue for the city
   D) It helps reduce traffic jams in the city centre

15. A) They are usually crowded
   B) They use high-tech systems
   C) They accept smartcards only
   D) They are colourfully decorated

16. A) They are quite friendly to humans
   B) They are shrinking in numbers
   C) They are unafraid of humans
   D) They are especially fond of garbage

17. A) It is strictly forbidden
   B) It is an uncommon sight
   C) It is a gesture of human generosity
   D) It 1s allowed only in certain areas

18. A) Share their food with the bear they see
   B) Be prepared to run into a hungry bear
   C) Try to be friendly with the bear they meet
   D) Refrain from teasing bears with cubs

19. A) It refers to opinions that are radical and widespread
   B) It means making judgments without adequate knowledge
   C) It refers to deep-rooted beliefs about someone or something
   D) It means sticking to one's judgments even when proved wrong

20. A) They often lead to war between religious groups
   B) They keep certain occupations from thriving
   C) They allow myths and half-truths to persist
   D) They prevent us from getting to the truth

21. A) When we start to feel superior
   B) When we mix with prejudiced people
   C) When we live in an isolated neighborhood
   D) When we try to keep up with those around us

22. A) Motivated
   B) Disappointed
   C) Perplexed
   D) Shocked

23. A) They would change with the passage of time
   B) They would benefit young people’s adult life
   C) They would help kids grow
   D) They would last a lifetime

24. A) He had become mature
   B) He suffered poor health
   C) He had lots of stories to tell
   D) He regretted leaving Vietnam

25. A) Make friends with his students
   B) Show his students how to do their best
   C) Help his students get through the growing pains
   D) Share his personal experience with his students
