1. A) She hasn’t started writing it
   B) She hasn’t decided on a topic
   C) She is proofreading the first draft
   D) She is working on the references

2. A) He lent many books to the man for reference
   B) He offered the man advice on resource hunting
   C) He published a lot in a number of reputable journals
   D) He told the man to be selective when using e-resources

3. A) He didn’t think her dissertation topic viable
   B) He wasn’t interested in her dissertation topic
   C) He didn’t want her to rush through her dissertation
   D) He wasn’t specific about the length of her dissertation

4. A) Change her research methodology
   B) Narrow down her dissertation topic
   C) Consult her professor more
   D) Follow the man’s advice

5. A) He has translated 12 books
   B) He is a well-known nutritionist
   C) His books sell well worldwide
   D) His latest book sold a million copies

6. A) The desire of Americans to try exotic cuisines
   B) The demand for information about food safety
   C) The fact that over half of Americans are overweight
   D) The fact that science books are difficult to read

7. A) The general public
   B) Those who are overweight
   C) Those who want to lose weight
   D) The medical community

8. A) Switch to a vegetarian diet
   B) Follow a personalized diet
   C) Adhere to doctors’ advice
   D) Cut carbohydrate intake

9. A) The rate of their growth increased dramatically
   B) The growth of their new brain cells doubled
   C) They began to show signs of depression
   D) They began to get irritated and restless

10. A) To avoid them in the future
   B) To warn others against them
   C) To make good sense of them
   D) To reflect on their causes

11. A) Produce a surprising healing effect
   B) Weaken one’s immunity in the long run
   C) Make people more susceptible to illness
   D) Provide protection against mental illnesses

12. A) Placing their own interests over their staff’s
   B) Being overwhelmed by their daily routines
   C) Lacking the ability to relate to their staff
   D) Spending too much time handling email

13. A) Their leadership may be challenged
   B) Their companies may go bankrupt
   C) Unexpected events may occur
   D) Major problems may resu

14. A) Keep an eye on their employees
   B) Motivate and inspire their team
   C) Sacrifice some of the immediate goals
   D) Have greater ambition in overall planning

15. A) Cultivate self-control
   B) Filter their email boxes
   C) Respond only after work
   D) Check only when necessary

16. A) The key to increasing healthy food supply
   B) The best way to improve marketing research
   C) The impact of advertisements on consumption
   D) The importance of the appearance of food

17. A) By focusing on the nutrients in different foods
   B) By emphasizing the diversity of food
   C) By stressing pleasing aesthetics of food
   D) By winning the support of marketing professors

18. A) They can attract customers with the healthy qualities of their products
   B) They can boost sales of healthy foods by making them visually appealing
   C) They can turn to marketing professors for advice
   D) They can rely on advertising for sales promotion

19. A) It has witnessed a spectacular surge in demand
   B) It has met much criticism from environmentalists
   C) It has seen more small businesses offering environment-friendly products
   D) It has experienced increasingly fierce competition among global companies

20. A) Consumers now know much more about technology
   B) Their mass production has sharply reduced the price
   C) Consumers tend to favor all that is novel
   D) Their quality has been greatly improved

21. A) Purchasing only this kind of products for home cleaning
   B) Writing positive comments about them on social media
   C) Demonstrating on TV how effective these products are
   D) Telling one another about their incomparable virtues

22. A) Increasing cleaners’ workload
   B) Blocking the fountains’ works
   C) Breaking a time-honored ritual
   D) Polluting the fountains’ water

23. A) They are occasionally retrieved by curious tourists
   B) They are regularly donated to charity organizations
   C) They are mostly used for the fountains’ maintenance
   D) They are usually used as wages for fountain cleaners

24. A) It is invested in a series of businesses
   B) It is used exclusively for tts maintenance
   C) It is used to run a supermarket for the needy
   D) It is estimated to be about $40,000 a month

25. A) He was arrested for stealing money from four fountain cleaners
   B) He was sentenced to 34 years’ imprisonment
   C) He collected rare coins from around the world
   D) He stole a lot of money from a fountain with a magnetic stick
