1. A) He would feel insulted
   B) He would feel very sad
   C) He would be embarrassed
   D) He would be disappointed

2. A) They are worthy of a prize
   B) They are of little value
   C) They make good reading
   D) They need improvement

3. A) He seldom writes a book straight through
   B) He writes several books simultaneously
   C) He draws on his real-life experiences
   D) He often turns to his wife for help

4. A) Writing a book is just like watching a football match
   B) Writers actually work every bit as hard as footballers
   C) He likes watching a football match after finishing a book
   D) Unlike a football match, there is no end to writing a book

5. A) Achievements of black male atletes in college
   B) Financial assistance to black athletes in college
   C) High college dropout rates among black athletes
   D) Undergraduate enrollments of black athletes

6. A) They display great talent in every kind of game
   B) They are better at sports than at academic work
   C) They have difficulty finding money to complete their studies
   D) They make money for the college but often fail to earn a degree

7. A) About 15%
   B) Around 40%
   C) Slightly over 50%
   D) Approximately 70%

8. A) Coaches lack the incentive to graduate them
   B) College degrees do not count much to them
   C) They have little interest in academic work
   D) Schools do not deem it a serious problem

9. A) Marketing strategies
   B) Holiday shopping
   C) Shopping malls
   D) Online stores

10. A) About 50% of holiday shoppers
   B) About 20- 30% of holiday shoppers
   C) About 136 million
   D) About 183.8 million

11. A) They have fewer customers
   B) They find it hard to survive
   C) They are thriving once more
   D) They appeal to elderly customers

12. A) Better quality of consumer goods
   B) Higher employment and wages
   C) Greater varieties of commodities
   D) People having more leisure time

13. A) They are new species of big insects
   B) They are overprescribed antibiotics
   C) They are life-threatening diseases
   D) They are antibiotic-resistant bacteria

14. A) Antibiotics are now in short supply
   B) Many infections are no longer curable
   C) Large amounts of tax money are wasted
   D) Routine operations have become complex

15. A) Facilities
   B) Expertise
   C) Money
   D) Publicity

16. A) It is accessible only to the talented
   B) It improves students' ability to think
   C) It starts a lifelong learning process
   D) It gives birth to many eminent scholars

17. A) They encourage academic democracy
   B) They promote globalization
   C) They uphold the presidents' authority
   D) They protect students' rights

18. A) His thirst for knowledge
   B) His eagerness to find a job
   C) His contempt for authority
   D) His potential for leadership

19. A) Few people know how to retrieve information properly
   B) People can enhance their memory with a few tricks
   C) Most people have a rather poor long-term memory
   D) People tend to underestimate their mental powers

20. A) They present the states in a surprisingly different order
   B) They include more or less the same number of states
   C) They are exactly the same as is shown in the atlas
   D) They contain names of the most familiar states

21. A) Focusing on what is likely to be tested
   B) Having a good sleep the night before
   C) Reviewing your lessons where the exam is to take place
   D) Making sensible decisions while choosing your answers

22. A) Discover when you can learn best
   B) Change your time of study daily
   C) Give yourself a double bonus afterwards
   D) Follow the example of a marathon runner

23. A) He is a politician
   B) He is a businessman
   C) He is a sociologist
   D) He is an economist

24. A) In slums
   B) In Africa
   C) In pre-industrial societies
   D) In developing countries

25. A) They have no access to health care, let alone entertainment or recreation
   B) Their income is less than 50% of the national average family income
   C) They work extra hours to have their basic needs met
   D) Their children cannot afford to go to private schools
