1. A) Doing enjoyable work
   B) Having friendly colleagues
   C) Earning a competitive salary
   D) Working for supportive bosses

2. A) 31%
   B) 20%
   C) 25%
   D) 73%

3. A) Those of a small size
   B) Those run by women
   C) Those that are well managed
   D) Those full of skilled workers

4. A) They can hop from job to job easily
   B) They can win recognition of their work
   C) They can better balance work and life
   D) They can take on more than one job

5. A) It is a book of European history
   B) It is an introduction to music
   C) It is about the city of Bruges
   D) It is a collection of photos

6. A) When painting the concert hall of Bruges
   B) When vacationing in an Italian coastal city
   C) When taking pictures for a concert catalogue
   D) When writing about Belgium's coastal regions

7. A) The entire European coastline will be submeged
   B) The rich heritage of Europe will be lost completely
   C) The seawater of Europe will be seriously polluted
   D) The major European scenic spots will disappear

8. A) Its waterways are being increasingly polluted
   B) People cannot get around without using boats
   C) It attracts large numbers of tourists from home and abroad
   D) Tourists use wooden paths to reach their hotels in the morning

9. A) They make careful preparations beforehand
   B) They take too many irrelevant factors into account
   C) They spend too much time anticipating their defeat
   D) They try hard to avoid getting off on the wor ng foot

10. A) A person's nervous system is more complicated than imagined
   B) Golfers usually have positive mental images of themselves
   C) Mental images often interfere with athletes' performance
   D) Thinking has the same effect on the nervous system as doing

11. A) Anticipate possible problems
   B) Make a list of do's and don'ts
   C) Picture themselves succeeding
   D) Try to appear more professional

12. A) She wore a designer dress
   B) She won her first jury trial
   C) She did not speak loud enough
   D) She presented moving pictures

13. A) Its long-term effects are yet to be proved
   B) Its health benefits have been overestimated
   C) It helps people to avoid developing breast cancer
   D) It enables patients with diabetes to recover sooner

14. A) It focused on their ways of life during young adulthood
   B) It tracked their change in food preferences for 20 years
   C) It focused on their difference from men in :fiber intake
   D) It tracked their eating habits since their adolescence

15. A) Fiber may help to reduce hormones in the body
   B) Fiber may bring more benefits to women than men
   C) Fiber may improve the function of heart muscles
   D) Fiber may make blood circulation more smooth

16. A) Observing the changes in marketing
   B) Conducting research on consumer behavior
   C) Studying the hazards of young people drinking
   D) Investigating the impact of media on government

17. A) It is the cause of many street riots
   B) It is a chief concern of parents
   C) It is getting worse year by year
   D) It is an act of socialising

18. A) They spent a week studying their own purchasing behavior
   B) They researched the impact of mobile phones on young people
   C) They analysed their family budgets over the years
   D) They conducted a thorough research on advertising

19. A) It is helping its banks to improve efficiency
   B) It is trying hard to do away with dirty money
   C) It is the first country to use credit cards in the world
   D) It is likely to give up paper money in the near future

20. A) Whether it is possible to travel without carrying any physical currency
   B) Whether it is possible to predict how much money one is going to spend
   C) Whether the absence of physical currency causes a person to spend more
   D) Whether the absence of physical currency is going to affect everyday life

21. A) There was no food service on the train
   B) The service on the train was not good
   C) The restaurant car accepted cash only
   D) The cash in her handbag was missing

22. A) By putting money into envelopes
   B) By drawing money week by week
   C) By limiting their day-to-day spending
   D) By refusing to buy anything on credit

23. A) Population explosion
   B) Chronic hunger
   C) Extinction of rare species
   D) Environmental deterioration

24. A) They contribute to overpopulation
   B) About half of them are unintended
   C) They have been brought under control
   D) The majority of them tend to end halfway

25. A) It is essential to the wellbeing of all species on earth
   B) It is becoming a subject of interdisciplinary research
   C) It is neglected in many of the developing countries
   D) It is beginning to attract postgraduates' attention
