1. A) They were all good at cooking
   B) They were particular about food
   C) They were proud of their cuisine
   D) They were fond of bacon and eggs

2. A) His parents
   B) His friends
   C) His schoolmates
   D) His parents’ friends

3. A) No tea was served with the meal
   B) It was the real English breakfast
   C) No one of the group ate it
   D) It was a little overcooked

4. A) It was full of excitement
   B) It was really extraordinary
   C) It was a risky experience
   D) It was rather disappointing

5. A) The woman’s relationship with other shops
   B) The business success of the woman’s shop
   C) The key to running a shop at a low cost
   D) The woman’s earnings over the years

6. A) Improve its customer service
   B) Expand its business scale
   C) Keep down its expenses
   D) Upgrade the goods it sells

7. A) They are sold at lower prices than in other shops
   B) They are very popular with the local residents
   C) They are delivered free of charge
   D) They are in great demand

8. A) To follow the custom of the local shopkeepers
   B) To attract more customers in the neighborhood
   C) To avoid being put out of business in competition
   D) To maintain friendly relationships with other shops

9. A) They can be used to deliver messages in times of emergency
   B) They deliver pollutants from the ocean to their nesting sites
   C) They carry plant seeds and spread them to faraway places
   D) They are on the verge of extinction because of pollution

10. A) They migrate to the Arctic Circle during the summer
   B) They originate from Devon Island in the Arctic area
   C) They travel as far as 400 kilometers in search of food
   D) They have the ability to survive in extreme weathers

11. A) They were carried by the wind
   B) They had become more poisonous
   C) They were less than on the continent
   D) They poisoned some of the fulmars

12. A) The threats humans pose to Arctic seabirds
   B) The diminishing colonies for Arctic seabirds
   C) The harm Arctic seabirds may cause to humans
   D) The effects of the changing climate on Arctic seabirds

13. A) It has decreased
   B) It has been exaggerated
   C) It has become better understood
   D) It has remained basically the same

14. A) It develops more easily in centenarians not actively engaged
   B) It is now the second leading cause of death for centenarians
   C) It has had no effective cure so far
   D) It calls for more intensive research

15. A) They care more about their physical health
   B) Their quality of life deteriorates rapidly
   C) Their minds fail before their bodies do
   D) They cherish their life more than ever

16. A) They are focused more on attraction than love
   B) They were done by his former colleague at Yale
   C) They were carried out over a period of some thirty years
   D) They form the basis on which he builds his theory of love

17. A) The relationship cannot last long if no passion is involved
   B) Intimacy is essential but not absolutely indispensable to love
   C) It is not love if you don’t wish to maintain the relationship
   D) Romance is just impossible without mutual understanding

18. A) Which of them is considered most important
   B) Whether it is true love without commitment
   C) When the absence of any one doesn’t affect the relationship
   D) How the relationship is to be defined if any one is missing

19. A) Social work as a profession
   B) The history of social work
   C) Academic degrees required of social work applicants
   D) The aim of the Naitonal Association of Social Workers

20. A) They try to change people’s social behavior
   B) They help enhance the well-being of the underprivileged
   C) They raise people’s awareness of the environment
   D) They create a lot of opportunities for the unemployed

21. A) They have all received strict clinical training
   B) They all have an academic degree in social work
   C) They are all members of the National Association
   D) They have all made a difference through their work

22. A) The promotion of social workers’ social status
   B) The importance of training for social workers
   C) Ways for social workers to meet people’s needs
   D) Social workers’ job options and responsibilities

23. A) To fight childhood obesity
   B) To help disadvantaged kids
   C) To encourage kids to play more sports
   D) To urge kids to follow their role models

24. A) They best boost product sales when put online
   B) They are most effective when appearing on TV
   C) They are becoming more and more prevalent
   D) They impress kids more than they do adults

25. A) Always place kids’ interest first
   B) Do what they advocate in public
   C) Message positive behaviors at all times
   D) Pay attention to their image before children
