1. A) The project the man managed at Cucin Tech
   B) The updating of technology at Cucin Tech
   C) The man’s switch to a new career
   D) The restructuring of her company

2. A) Talented personnel
   B) Strategic innovation
   C) Competitive products
   D) Effective promotion

3. A) Expand the market
   B) Recruit more talents
   C) Innovate constantly
   D) Watch out for his competitors

4. A) Possible bankruptcy
   B) Unforeseen difficulties
   C) Conflicts within the company
   D) Imitation by one’s competitors

5. A) The job of an interpreter
   B) The stress felt by professionals
   C) The importance of language proficiency
   D) The best way to effective communication

6. A) Promising
   B) Admirable
   C) Rewarding
   D) Meaningful

7. A) They all have a strong interest in language
   B) They all have professional qualifications
   C) They have all passed language proficiency tests
   D) They have all studied cross-cultural differences

8. A) It requires a much larger vocabulary
   B) It attaches more importance to accuracy
   C) It is more stressful than simultaneous interpreting
   D) It puts one’s long-term memory under more stress

9. A) It might affect mother’s health
   B) it might disturb infants’ sleep
   C) It might increase the risk of infants’ death
   D) It might increase mothers’ mental distress

10. A) Mothers who breast-feed their babies have a harder time falling asleep
   B) Mothers who sleep with their babies need a little more sleep each night
   C) Sleeping patterns of mothers greatly affect their newborn babies’ health
   D) Sleeping with infants in the same room has a negative impact on mothers

11. A) Change their sleep patterns to adapt to their newborn babies’
   B) Sleep in the same room but not in the same bed as their babies
   C) Sleep in the same house but not in the same room as their babies
   D) Take precautions to reduce the risk of sudden infant death syndrome

12. A) A lot of native languages have already died out in the US
   B) The US ranks first in the number of endangered languages
   C) The efforts to preserve Indian language have proved fruitless
   D) More money is needed to record the native language in the US

13. A) To set up more language schools
   B) To document endangered languages
   C) To educate native American children
   D) To revitalise America’s native languages

14. A) The US government’s policy of Americanising Indian children
   B) The failure of American Indian languages to gain an official status
   C) The US government’s unwillingness to spend money educating Indians
   D) The long-time isolation of American Indians from the outside world

15. A) It is being utilised to teach native languages
   B) It tells traditional stories during family time
   C) It speeds up the extinction of native languages
   D) It is widely used in language immersion schools

16. A) It pays them up to half of their previous wages while they look for work
   B) It covers their mortgage payments and medical expenses for 99 weeks
   C) It pays their living expenses until they find employment again
   D) It provides them with the basic necessities of everyday life

17. A) Creating jobs for the huge army of unemployed workers
   B) Providing training and guidance for unemployed workers
   C) Convincing local lawmakers to extend unemployment benefits
   D) Raising funds to help those having no unemployment insurance

18. A) To offer them loans they need to start their own businesses
   B) To allow them to postpone their monthly mortgage payments
   C) To create more jobs by encouraging private investments in local companies
   D) To encourage big businesses to hire beck workers with government subsidies

19. A) They measured the depths of sea water
   B) They analyzed the water content
   C) They explored the ocean floor
   D) They investigated the ice

20. A) Eighty percent of the ice disappears in summer time
   B) Most of the ice was accumulated over the past centuries
   C) The ice ensures the survival of many endangered species
   D) The ice decrease is more evident than previously thought

21. A) Arctic ice is a major source of the worlds’ fresh water
   B) The melting Arctic ice has drowned many coastal cities
   C) The decline of Arctic ice is irreversible
   D) Arctic ice is essential to human survival

22. A) It will do a lot of harm to mankind
   B) There is no easy way to understand it
   C) It will advance nuclear technology
   D) There is no easy technological solution to it

23. A) The reason why New Zealand children seem to have better self-control
   B) The relation between children’s self-control and their future success
   C) The health problems of children raised by a single parent
   D) The deciding factor in children’s academic performance

24. A) Children raised by single parents will have a hard time in their thirties
   B) Those with a criminal record mostly come from single parent families
   C) Parents must learn to exercise self-control in front of their children
   D) Lack of self-control in parents is a disadvantage for their children

25. A) Self-control can be improved through education
   B) Self-control can improve one’s financial situation
   C) Self-control problems may be detected early in children
   D) Self-control problems will diminish as one grows up
