1. A) Project organizer
   B) Public relations officer
   C) Marketing manager
   D) Market research consultant

2. A) Quantitative advertising research
   B) Questionnaire design
   C) Research methodology
   D) Interviewer training

3. A) They are intensive studies of people’s spending habits
   B) They examine relations between producers and customers
   C) They look for new and effective ways to promote products
   D) They study trends or customer satisfaction over a long period

4. A) The lack of promotion opportunity
   B) Checking charts and tables
   C) Designing questionnaires
   D) The persistent intensity

5. A) His view on Canadian universities
   B) His understanding of higher education
   C) His suggestions for improvements in higher education
   D) His complaint about bureaucracy in American universities

6. A) It is well designed
   B) It is rather inflexible
   C) It varies among universities
   D) It has undergone great changes

7. A) The United States and Canada can learn from each other
   B) Public universities are often superior to private universities
   C) Everyone should be given equal access to higher education
   D) Private schools work more efficiently than public institutions

8. A) University systems vary from country to country
   B) Efficiency is essential to university management
   C) It is hard to say which is better, a public university or a private one
   D) Many private universities in the US are actually large bureaucracies

9. A) Government’s role in resolving an economic crisis
   B) The worsening real wage situation around the world
   C) Indications of economic recovery in the United States
   D) The impact of the current economic crisis on people’s life

10. A) They will feel less pressure to raise employees’ wages
   B) They will feel free to choose the most suitable employees
   C) They will feel inclined to expand their business operations
   D) They will feel more confident in competing with their rivals

11. A) Employees and companies cooperate to pull through the economic crisis
   B) Government and companies join hands to create jobs for the unemployed
   C) Employees work shorter hours to avoid layoffs
   D) Team work will be encouraged in companies

12. A) Whether memory supplements work
   B) Whether herbal medicine works wonders
   C) Whether exercise enhances one’s memory
   D) Whether a magic memory promises success

13. A) They help the elderly more than the young
   B) They are beneficial in one way or another
   C) They generally do not have side effects
   D) They are not based on real science

14. A) They are available at most country fairs
   B) They are taken in relatively high dosage
   C) They are collected or grown by farmers
   D) They are prescribed by trained practitioners

15. A) They have often proved to be as helpful as doing mental exercise
   B) Taking them with other medications might entail unnecessary risks
   C) Their effect lasts only a short time
   D) Many have benefited from them

16. A) How catastrophic natural disasters turn out to be to developing nations
   B) How the World Meteorological Organization studies natural disasters
   C) How powerless humans appear to be in face of natural disasters
   D) How the negative impacts of natural disasters can be reduced

17. A) By training rescue teams for emergencies
   B) By taking steps to prepare people for them
   C) By changing people’s views of nature
   D) By relocating people to safer places

18. A) How preventive action can reduce the loss of life
   B) How courageous Cubans are in face of disasters
   C) How Cubans suffer from tropical storms
   D) How destructive tropical storms can be

19. A) Pay back their loans to the American government
   B) Provide loans to those in severe financial difficulty
   C) Contribute more to the goal of a wider recovery
   D) Speed up their recovery from the housing bubble

20. A) Some banks may have to merge with others
   B) Many smaller regional banks are going to fail
   C) It will be hard for banks to provide more loans
   D) Many banks will have to lay off some employees

21. A) It will work closely with the government
   B) It will endeavor to write off bad loans
   C) It will try to lower the interest rate
   D) It will try to provide more loans

22. A) It won’t help the American economy to turn around
   B) It won’t do any good to the major commercial banks
   C) It will win the approval of the Obama administration
   D) It will be necessary if the economy starts to shrink again

23. A) Being unable to learn new things
   B) Being rather slow to make changes
   C) Losing temper more and more often
   D) Losing the ability to get on with others

24. A) Cognitive stimulation
   B) Community activity
   C) Balanced diet
   D) Fresh air

25. A) Ignoring the signs and symptoms of aging
   B) Adopting an optimistic attitude towards life
   C) Endeavoring to give up unhealthy lifestyles
   D) Seeking advice from doctors from time to time
