1. A) She can devote all her life to pursuing her passion
   B) Her accumulated expertise helps her to achieve her goals
   C) She can spread her academic ideas on a weekly TV show
   D) Her research findings are widely acclaimed in the world

2. A) Provision of guidance for nuclear labs in Europe
   B) Touring the globe to attend science TV shows
   C) Overseeing two research groups at Oxford
   D) Science education and scientific research

3. A) A better understanding of a subject
   B) A stronger will to meet challenges
   C) A broader knowledge of related fields
   D) A closer relationship with young people

4. A) By applying the latest research methods
   B) By making full use of the existing data
   C) By building upon previous discoveries
   D) By utilizing more powerful computers

5. A) They can predict future events
   B) They have no special meanings
   C) They have cultural connotations
   D) They cannot be easily explained

6. A) It was canceled due to bad weather
   B) She overslept and missed the flight
   C) She dreamed of a plane crash
   D) It was postponed to the following day

7. A) They can be affected by people's childhood experiences
   B) They may sometimes seem ridiculous to a rational mind
   C) They usually result from people's unpleasant memories
   D) They can have an impact as great as rational thinking

8. A) They call for scientific methods to interpret
   B) They mirror their long-cherished wishes
   C) They reflect their complicated emotions
   D) They are often related to irrational feelings

9. A) Radio waves
   B) Sound waves
   C) Robots
   D) Satellites

10. A) It may be freezing fast beneath the glacier
   B) It may have micro-organisms living in it
   C) It may have certain rare minerals in it
   D) It may be as deep as four kilometers

11. A) Help understand life in freezing conditions
   B) Help fmd new sources of fresh water
   C) Provide information about other planets
   D) Shed light on possible life in outer space

12. A) He found there had been little research on their language
   B) He was trying to preserve the languages of the Indian tribes
   C) His contact with a social worker had greatly aroused his interest in the tribe
   D) His meeting with Gonzalez had made him eager to learn more about the tribe

13. A) He taught Copeland to speak the Tarahumaras language
   B) He persuaded the Tarahumaras to accept Copeland's gifts
   C) He recommended one of his best friends as an interpreter
   D) He acted as an intermediary between Copeland and the villagers

14. A) Unpredictable
   B) Unjustifiable
   C) Laborious
   D) Tedious

15. A) Their appreciation of help from the outsiders
   B) Their sense of sharing and caring
   C) Their readiness to adapt to technology
   D) Their belief in creating wealth for themselves

16. A) They tend to be silenced into submission
   B) They find it hard to defend themselves
   C) They will feel proud of being pioneers
   D) They will feel somewhat encouraged

17. A) One who advocates violence in effecting change
   B) One who craves for relentless transformations
   C) One who acts in the interests of the oppressed
   D) One who rebels against the existing social order

18. A) They tried to effect social change by force
   B) They disrupted the nation's social stability
   C) They served as a driving force for progress
   D) They did more harm than good to humanity

19. A) Few of us can ignore changes in our immediate environment
   B) It is impossible for us to be immune from outside influence
   C) Few of us can remain unaware of what happens around us
   D) It is important for us to keep in touch with our own world

20. A) Make up his mind to start all over again
   B) Stop making unfair judgments of others
   C) Try to find a more exciting job somewhere else
   D) Recognise the negative impact of his coworkers

21. A) They are quite susceptible to suicide
   B) They improve people's quality of life
   C) They suffer a great deal from ill health
   D) They help people solve mental problems

22. A) Few people can identify its texture
   B) Few people can describe it precisely
   C) Its real value is open to interpretation
   D) Its importance is often over-estimated

23. A) It has never seen any change
   B) It has much to do with color
   C) It is a well-protected government secret
   D) It is a subject of study by many forgers

24. A) People had little faith in paper money
   B) They could last longer in circulation
   C) It predicted their value would increase
   D) They were more difficult to counterfeit

25. A) The stabilization of the dollar value
   B) The issuing of government securities
   C) A gold standard for American currency
   D) A steady appreciation of the U.S. dollar
