1. A) It has given rise to much controversy
   B) It has been very favorably received
   C) It was primarily written for vegetarians
   D) It offends many environmentalists

2. A) She neglects people’s efforts in animal protection
   B) She tries to force people to accept her radical ideas
   C) She ignores the various benefits of public transport
   D) She insists vegetarians are harming the environment

3. A) They are significant
   B) They are revolutionary
   C) They are rational
   D) They are modest

4. A) It would help to protect the environment
   B) It would generate money for public health
   C) It would need support from the general public
   D) It would force poor people to change their diet

5. A) Where successful people’s strengths come from
   B) Why many people fight so hard for success
   C) How she achieved her life’s goal
   D) What makes people successful

6. A) Having someone who has confidence in them
   B) Having someone who is ready to help them
   C) Having a firm belief in their own ability
   D) Having a realistic attitude towards life

7. A) They adjust their goals accordingly
   B) They try hard to appear optimistic
   C) They stay positive
   D) They remain calm

8. A) An understanding leadership
   B) A nurturing environment
   C) Mutual respect among colleagues
   D) Highly cooperative teammates

9. A) They use their sense of hearing to capture their prey
   B) Their food mainly consists of small animals and fish
   C) They have big eyes and distinctive visual centers
   D) Their ancestor is different from that of micro bats

10. A) With the help of moonlight
   B) By means of echo location
   C) With the aid of daylight vision
   D) By means of vision and smell

11. A) To make up for their natural absence of vision
   B) To adapt themselves to a particular lifestyle
   C) To facilitate their travel over long distances
   D) To survive in the ever-changing weather

12. A) They acquire knowledge not found in books
   B) They learn how to interact with their peers
   C) They become more emotionally aggressive
   D) They get much better prepared for school

13. A) They are far from emotionally prepared
   B) They tend to be more attracted by images
   C) They can’t follow the conflicts in the show
   D) They lack the cognitive and memory skills

14. A) Choose appropriate programs for their children
   B) Help their children understand the program’s plot
   C) Outline the program’s plot for their children first
   D) Monitor their children’s watching of TV programs

15. A) Explain its message to their children
   B) Check if their children have enjoyed it
   C) Encourage their children to retell the story
   D) Ask their children to describe its characters

16. A) They are afraid of injuring their feet
   B) They have never developed the habit
   C) They believe a little dirt harms no one
   D) They find it rather troublesome to do so

17. A) Different types of bacteria existed on public-toilet floors
   B) There were more bacteria on sidewalks than in the home
   C) Office carpets collected more bacteria than elsewhere
   D) A large number of bacteria collected on a single shoe

18. A) The chemicals on shoes can deteriorate air quality
   B) Shoes can upset family members with their noise
   C) The marks left by shoes are hard to erase
   D) Shoes can leave scratches on the floor

19. A) It is sinfu l and immoral
   B) It is deemed uncivilized
   C) It is an uncontrollable behavior
   D) It is a violation of faith and trust

20. A) Assess their consequences
   B) Guard against their harm
   C) Accept them as normal
   D) Find out their causes

21. A) Try to understand what messages they convey
   B) Pay attention to their possible consequences
   C) Consider them from different perspectives
   D) Make sure they are brought under control

22. A) Cultivation of new varieties of crops
   B) Measures to cope with climate change
   C) Development of more effective pesticides
   D) Application of more nitrogen-rich fertilizers

23. A) The expansion of farmland in developing countries
   B) The research on crop rotation in developing countries
   C) The cooperation of the world’s agricultural scientists
   D) The improvement of agricultural infrastructure

24. A) For encouraging farmers to embrace new farming techniques
   B) For aligning their research with advances in farming technology
   C) For turning their focus to the needs of farmers in poorer countries
   D) For cooperating closely with policymakers in developing countries

25. A) Rapid transition to become a food exporter
   B) Substantial funding in agricultural research
   C) Quick rise to become a leading grain producer
   D) Assumption of humanitarian responsibilities
