1. A) He was enjoying his holiday
   B) He was recovering in hospital
   C) He was busy writing his essays
   D) He was fighting a throat infection

2. A) He broke his wrist
   B) He lost his antibiotics
   C) He slipped on ice and fell
   D) He was laughed at by some girls

3. A) Turn to her father for help
   B) Call the repair shop to fix it
   C) Ask the manufacturer for repair
   D) Replace it with a brand-new one

4. A) Help David retrieve his essays
   B) Introduce David to her parents
   C) Offer David some refreshments
   D) Accompany David to his home

5. A) She is a critic of works on military affairs
   B) She is an acclaimed hostess of Book Talk
   C) She is a researcher of literary genres
   D) She is a historian of military history

6. A) It is about the military history of Europe
   B) It is set in the 18th and 19th centuries
   C) It is her fifth book of military history
   D) It is a war novel set in the future

7. A) She visited soldiers’ wives and mothers
   B) She conducted surveys of many soldiers
   C) she met a large number of soldiers in person
   D) She looked into the personal lives of soldiers

8. A) She doesn’t have much freedom for imagination
   B) It is not easy to make her readers believe in her
   C) It is difficult to attract young readers
   D) She has to combine fact with fiction

9. A) Santa Claus
   B) Cocoa Seeds
   C) A polar bear
   D) A glass bottle

10. A) To attract customer attention
   B) To keep up with the times
   C) To combat counterfeits
   D) To promote its sales

11. A) It resembles a picture in the encyclopedia
   B) It appears in the shape of a cocoa seed
   C) It has the drink’s logo in the middle
   D) It displays the image of Santa Claus

12. A) It often occurs among commuters
   B) It promotes mutual understanding
   C) It improves their mood considerably
   D) It takes a great deal of effort to sustain

13. A) Social anxiety
   B) Excessive caution
   C) Lack of social skills
   D) Preference for solitude

14. A) People usually regard it as an unforgettable lesson
   B) Human brains tend to dwell on negative events
   C) Negative events often hurt people deeply
   D) People generally resent being rejected

15. A) Contagious
   B) Temporary
   C) Unpredictable
   D) Measurable

16. A) It depends heavily on tourism
   B) It is flourishing in foreign trade
   C) It is mainly based on agriculture
   D) It relies chiefly on mineral export

17. A) Tobacco
   B) Bananas
   C) Coffee
   D) Sugar

18. A) They toil on farms
   B) They live a poor life
   C) They live in Spanish-style houses
   D) They hire people to do housework

19. A) They will be more demanding of their next generation
   B) They will end up lonely, dependent and dissatisfied
   C) They will experience more setbacks than successes
   D) They will find it difficult to get along with others

20. A) Failure to pay due attention to their behavior
   B) Unwillingness to allow them to play with toys
   C) Unwillingness to satisfy their wishes immediately
   D) Failure to spend sufficient quality time with them

21. A) It will enable them to learn from mistakes
   B) It will help them to handle disappointment
   C) It will do much good to their mental health
   D) It will build their ability to endure hardships

22. A) Failing to make sufficient preparations
   B) Looking away from the hiring manager
   C) Saying the wrong thing at the wrong time
   D) Making a wrong judgment of the interview

23. A) Complaining about their previous job
   B) Inquiring about their salary to be paid
   C) Exaggerating their academic background
   D) Understanding their previous achievements

24. A) Those who have both skill and experience
   B) Those who get along well with colleagues
   C) Those who take initiative in their work
   D) Those who are loyal to their managers

25. A) Ability to shoulder new responsibilities
   B) Experience of performing multiple roles
   C) Readiness to work to flexible schedules
   D) Skills to communicate with colleagues
