1. A) Weird
   B) Efficient
   C) Tolerant
   D) Toxic

2. A) They are arrogant
   B) They are ignorant
   C) They are ambitious
   D) They are accommodating

3. A) They can think big
   B) They can air their views
   C) They can break conventions
   D) They can work flexible hours

4. A) It can alter people's mindsets
   B) It can lead to new discoveries
   C) It enables people to learn and grow
   D) It is conducive to critical thinking

5. A) He kept looking for the best place to stay
   B) He met many tourists from other countries
   C) He had a great time sightseeing and relaxing
   D) He managed to visit a different city each day

6. A) Prioritize what is essential to their best advantage
   B) Stretch out the process in search of the optimal
   C) Deliberate the consequences that may occur
   D) Take all relevant factors into consideration

7. A) Time pressure
   B) Tight budget
   C) Modern technology
   D) Fierce competition

8. A) Research as many different options as possible
   B) Avoid going over the same options repeatedly
   C) Focus on what is practical
   D) Trust their gut instinct

9. A) It is beneficial to poor as well as rich communities
   B) It is conducive to children's future development
   C) It is welcome to parents but not to children
   D) It is not of much help to younger children

10. A) It may put some students in remote areas at a disadvantage
   B) It gives the majority of students ready access to their teachers
   C) It effectively improves the learning quality of students in rural areas
   D) It can bridge the learning gap between kids of different backgrounds

11. A) Diligent students tend to do their homework independently
   B) The focus of homework should always be on school subjects
   C) Doing homework exerts a positive effect on kids' personality development
   D) The benefits of doing homework vary widely from individual to individual

12. A) It was something he apologized for later
   B) It was ridiculed by the New York Times
   C) It was a forty-nine-year plan
   D) It was considered visionary

13. A) It was of great significance to rocket science
   B) It was completed in the state of New Mexico
   C) It was somehow delayed about 12 minutes
   D) It failed due to a sudden change of weather

14. A) A laboratory and test range was already set up there
   B) Its climate was ideal for year-round rocket launching
   C) A weather expert invited him to go there for his mission
   D) Its remote valleys were appealing to him and his family

15. A) He won an award from the US government for his work
   B) He gained recognition from rocket scientists worldwide
   C) He was granted over 200 patents in rocket technology
   D) He boosted the military strength of the United States

16. A) It requires entrepreneurial experience
   B) It is usually financially rewarding
   C) It can be quite frustrating
   D) It can be rather risky

17. A) It contributes to rapid business expansion
   B) It inspires willingness to make sacrifices
   C) It reduces conflict among team members
   D) It encourages creation and innovation

18. A) They have unrealistic expectations
   B) They often work without any pay
   C) Few can find willing investors
   D) Many are idealistic dreamers

19. A) They have better dietary habits
   B) They bear fewer social responsibilities
   C) They are born with a stronger ability to socialize
   D) They are better able to survive or handle disease

20. A) They have a limited reproductive ability
   B) They depend on adequate sleep to thrive
   C) They keep dividing throughout one's life
   D) They strengthen with regular exercise

21. A) The process of ageing can ultimately be brought under control
   B) Improved health care for the elderly will contribute to longevity
   C) Prevention of heart disease and stroke will increase life expectancy
   D) The resolution of age-related diseases will solve the mystery of ageing

22. A) They are reluctant to follow instructions
   B) They fail to answer emails promptly
   C) They cannot understand directives
   D) They do not show due respect

23. A) They have not been trained to follow the rules
   B) They are not satisfied with the management
   C) They want to avoid unnecessary losses
   D) They find their voice go unheeded

24. A) When they are on good terms with their managers
   B) When they find their job goals easily attainable
   C) When they find their supervisors helpful
   D) When they are financially motivated

25. A) They are a useless tool for managers to change employee behavior
   B) They prove to be a good means for managers to give instructions
   C) They should be reserved for urgent communication
   D) They are seldom used for sharing confidential data
