1. A) He is going to leave his present job
   B) He is going to attend a job interview
   C) He will meet his new manager in two weeks
   D) He will tell the management how he really feels

2. A) It should be carefully analyzed
   B) It should be kept private
   C) It can be quite useful to senior managers
   D) It can improve interviewees' job prospects

3. A) It may do harm to his fellow employees
   B) It may displease his immediate .superiors
   C) It may adversely affect his future career prospects
   D) It may leave a negative impression on the interviewer

4. A) Pour out his frustrations on a rate-your-employer website
   B) Network with his close friends to find a better employer
   C) Do some practice for the exit interview
   D) Prepare a comprehensive exit report

5. A) Her career as a botanist
   B) Her latest documentary
   C) Her month-long expedition
   D) Her unsuccessful journey

6. A) She was caught in a hurricane
   B) She had to live like a vegetarian
   C) She suffered from water shortage
   D) She had to endure many hardships

7. A) They could no longer bear the humidity
   B) They had no more food in the canoe
   C) A flood was approaching
   D) A hurricane was coming

8. A) It was memorable
   B) It was unbearable. '
   C) It was fruitful
   D) It was uneventful

9. A) It ensures the accuracy of their arguments
   B) It diminishes laymen's interest in science
   C) It hurts laymen's dignity and self-esteem
   D) It makes their expressions more explicit

10. A) They will see the complexity of science
   B) They feel great respect towards scientists
   C) They tend to disbelieve the actual science
   D) They can learn to communicate with scientists

11. A) Explain all the jargon terms
   B) Do away with jargon terms
   C) Find appropriate topics
   D) Stimulate their interest

12. A) There were oil deposits below a local gassy hill
   B) The erupting gas might endanger local children
   C) There was oiHeakage-along the Gulf Coast
   D) The local gassy hill might start a huge fire

13. A) The massive gas underground
   B) Their lack of the needed skill
   C) Their lack of suitable tools
   D) The sand under the hill

14. A) It was not as effective as he claimed
   B) It rendered many oil workers jobless
   C) It gave birth to the oil drilling industry
   D) It was not popularized until years later

15. A) It ruined the state's cotton and beef industries
   B) It totally destroyed the state's rural landscape
   C) It resulted in an oil surplus all over the world
   D) It radically transformed the state's economy

16. A) Insufficient motivation
   B) Tough regulations
   C) Unsuitable jobs
   D) Bad managers

17. A) Ineffective training
   B) Toxic company culture
   C) Overburdening of managers
   D) Lack of regular evaluation

18. A) It was based only on the perspective of employees
   B) It provided meaningful clues to solving the problem
   C) It was conducted from frontline managers' point of view
   D) It collected feedback from both employers and employees

19. A) It is expanding at an accelerating speed
   B) It is bringing prosperity to the region
   C) It is yielding an unprecedented profit
   D) It is seeing an automation revolution

20. A) It creates a lot of new jobs
   B) It exhausts res<;mrces sooner
   C) It causes conflicts between employers and employees
   D) It calls for the retraining of unskilled mining workers

21. A) They will wait to see its effect
   B) They welcome it with open arms
   C) They accept it with reservations
   D) They are strongly opposed to it

22. A) They have experienced a gradual decline since the year of 2017
   B) Their annual death rate is about twice that of the global average
   C) They kill more people than any infectious disease
   D) Their cost to the nation's economy is incalculable

23. A) They are not as reliable as claimed
   B) They rise and fall from year to year
   C) They don't reflect the changes in individual countries
   D) They show a difference between rich and poor nations

24. A) Many of them are investing heavily in infrastructure
   B) Many of them have seen a decline in road-death rates
   C) Many of them are following the example set by Thailand
   D) Many of them have increasing numbers of cars on the road

25. A) Foster better driving behavior
   B) Abolish all outdated traffic rules
   C) Provide better training for drivers
   D) Impose heavier penalties on speeding
