1. A) Why Roman Holiday was more famous than Breakfast at Tiffany’s
   B) Why Audrey Hepbum had more female fans than male ones
   C) Why the woman wanted to be like Audrey Hepbum
   D) Why so many girls adored Audrey Hepbum

2. A) Her unique personality
   B) Her physical condition
   C) Her shift of interest to performing arts
   D) Her family’s suspension of financial aid

3. A) She was not an outgoing person
   B) She was modest and hardworking
   C) She was easy-going on the whole
   D) She was usually not very optimistic

4. A) She was influenced by the roles she played in the films
   B) Her parents taught her to sympathize with the needy
   C) She learned to volunteer when she was a child
   D) Her family benefited from other people’s help

5. A) Give a presentation
   B) Raise some questions
   C) Start a new company
   D) Attend a board meeting

6. A) It will cut production costs
   B) It will raise productivity
   C) No staff will be dismissed
   D) No new staff will be hired

7. A) The timeline of restructuring
   B) The reasons for restructuring
   C) The communication channels
   D) The company’s new missions

8. A) By consulting their own department managers
   B) By emailing questions to the man or the woman
   C) By exploring various channels of communication
   D) By visiting the company’s own computer network

9. A) It helps passengers to take care of their pet animals
   B) It has animals to help passengers carry their luggage
   C) It uses therapy animals to soothe nervous passengers
   D) It allows passengers to have animals travel with them

10. A) Avoiding possible dangers
   B) Finding their way around
   C) Identifying drug smugglers
   D) Looking after sick passengers

11. A) Schedule their flights around the animal visits
   B) Photograph the therapy animals at the airport
   C) Keep some animals for therapeutic purposes
   D) Bring their pet animals on board their plane

12. A) Beside a beautifully painted wall in Arles
   B) Beside the gate of an ancient Roman city
   C) At the site of an ancient Roman mansion
   D) At the entrance to a reception hall in Rome

13. A) A number of different images
   B) A number of mythological heroes
   C) Various musical instruments
   D) Paintings by famous French artists

14. A) The originality and expertise shown
   B) The worldly sophistication displayed
   C) The stunning images vividly depicted
   D) The impressive skills and costly dyes

15. A) His artistic taste is superb
   B) His identity remains unclear
   C) He was a collector of antiques
   D) He was a rich Italian merchant

16. A) They encourage international cooperation
   B) They lay stress on basic scientific research
   C) They place great emphasis on empirical studies
   D) They favour scientists from its member countries

17. A) Many of them wish to win international recognition
   B) They believe that more hands will make light work
   C) They want to follow closely the international trend
   D) Many of their projects have become complicated

18. A) It requires mathematicians to work independently
   B) It is faced with many unprecedented challenges
   C) It lags behind other disciplines in collaboration
   D) It calls for more research funding to catch up

19. A) Scientists tried to send a balloon to Venus
   B) Scientists discovered water on Venus
   C) Scientists found Venus had atmosphere
   D) Scientists observed Venus from a space vehicle

20. A) It resembles Earth in many aspects
   B) It is the same as fiction has portrayed
   C) It is a paradise of romance for alien life
   D) It undergoes geological changes like Earth

21. A) It might have been hotter than it is today
   B) It might have been a cozy habitat for life
   C) It used to have more water than Earth
   D) It used to be covered with rainforests

22. A) Causes of sleeplessness
   B) Cross-cultural communication
   C) Cultural psychology
   D) Motivation and positive feelings

23. A) They attach great importance to sleep
   B) They often have trouble falling asleep
   C) They pay more attention to sleep efficiency
   D) They generally sleep longer than East Asians

24. A) By asking people to report their sleep habits
   B) By observing people’s sleep patterns in labs
   C) By having people wear motion-detecting watches
   D) By videotaping people’s daily sleeping processes

25. A) It has made remarkable progress in the past few decades
   B) It has not yet explored the cross-cultural aspect of sleep
   C) It has not yet produced anything conclusive
   D) It has attracted attention all over the world
