1. A) A six-month-long negotiation
   B) Preparations for the party
   C) A project with a troublesome client
   D) Gift wrapping for the colleagues

2. A) Take wedding photos
   B) Advertise her company
   C) Start a small business
   D) Throw a celebration party

3. A) Hesitant
   B) Nervous
   C) Flattered
   D) Surprised

4. A) Start her own bakery
   B) Improve her baking skill
   C) Share her cooking experience
   D) Prepare for the wedding

5. A) They have to spend more time studying
   B) They have to participate in club activities
   C) They have to be more responsible for what they do
   D) They have to choose a specific academic discipline

6. A) Get ready for a career
   B) Make a lot of friends
   C) Set a long-term goal
   D) Behave like adults

7. A) Those who share her academic interests
   B) Those who respect her student commitments
   C) Those who can help her when she is in need
   D) Those who go to the same clubs as she does

8. A) Those helpful for tapping their potential
   B) Those conducive to improving their social skills
   C) Those helpful for cultivating individual interests
   D) Those conducive to their academic studies

9. A) They break away from traditional ways of thinking
   B) They are prepared to work harder than anyone else
   C) They are good at refining old formulas
   D) They bring their potential into full play

10. A) They contributed to the popularity of skiing worldwide
   B) They resulted in a brand-new style of skiing technique
   C) They promoted the scientific use of skiing poles
   D) They made explosive news in the sports world

11. A) He was recognized as a genius in the world of sports
   B) He competed in all major skiing events in the world
   C) He won three gold medals in one Winter Olympics
   D) He broke three world skiing records in three years

12. A) They appear restless
   B) They lose consciousness
   C) They become upset
   D) They die almost instantly

13. A) It has an instant effect on your body chemistry
   B) It keeps returning to you every now and then
   C) It leaves you with a long lasting impression
   D) It contributes to the shaping of your mind

14. A) To succeed while feeling irritated
   B) To feel happy without good health
   C) To be free from frustration and failure
   D) To enjoy good health while in dark moods

15. A) They are closely connected
   B) They function in a similar way
   C) They are too complex to understand
   D) They reinforce each other constantly

16. A) They differ in their appreciation of music
   B) They focus their attention on different things
   C) They finger the piano keys in different ways
   D) They choose different pieces of music to play

17. A) They manage to cooperate well with their teammates
   B) They use effective tactics to defeat their competitors
   C) They try hard to meet the spectators’ expectations
   D) They attach great importance to high performance

18. A) It marks a breakthrough in behavioral science
   B) It adopts a conventional approach to research
   C) It supports a piece of conventional wisdom
   D) It gives rise to controversy among experts

19. A) People’s envy of slim models
   B) People’s craze for good health
   C) The increasing range of fancy products
   D) The great variety of slimming products

20. A) They appear vigorous
   B) They appear strange
   C) They look charming
   D) They look unhealthy

21. A) Culture and upbringing
   B) Wealth and social status
   C) Peer pressure
   D) Media influence

22. A) The relation between hair and skin
   B) The growing interest in skin studies
   C) The color of human skin
   D) The need of skin protection

23. A) The necessity to save energy
   B) Adaptation to the hot environment
   C) The need to breathe with ease
   D) Dramatic climate changes on earth

24. A) Leaves and grass
   B) Man-made shelter
   C) Their skin coloring
   D) Hair on their skin

25. A) Their genetic makeup began to change
   B) Their communities began to grow steadily
   C) Their children began to mix with each other
   D) Their pace of evolution began to quicken
