1. A) They have to make a choice by the end of the day
   B) Both candidates are very keen on getting the job
   C) They hold different views on the procedure
   D) Both candidates are quite competitive

2. A) Both Rachel and Peter came across as respectful and professional
   B) Rachel scored moderately higher grades than Peter at school
   C) Both Rachel and Peter excelled in their academic pursuit. +3
   D) Peter appeared slightly stronger than Rachel physically

3. A) His use of body language
   B) His accumulation of experience
   C) His unusual state of mind
   D) His knowledge about the company

4. A) Compare the candidates side by side again. |
   B) Ask the board to cast the deciding vote
   C) Find a way to break the tie next time
   D) Let John make the final decision

5. A) The private label “L'Orange”. —
   B) The woman’s latest collection
   C) This season’s new fashion.
   D) The head designer’s role

6. A) Something reflecting the social norms
   B) ) Something meeting public expectations
   C) Something slightly absurd
   D) Something a bit ambiguous

7. A) Merge styles often at opposite ends of the fashion spectrum.
   B) Learn from the designs of the Asian rural mountain villagers. . 7
   C) Make velvet capes look both majestic and masculine
   D) Draw intricate patterns onto a traditional power suit.

8. A) Obtaining the woman’s signature.
   B) Seeing the woman’s new creations.
   C) Incorporating indigenous aspects into his work
   D) Sharing more ideas with the woman next time.

9. A) They could readily recognize their owner simply by looking. .
   B) They could understand the implications of human commands
   C) They could be domesticated to act as our companions
   D) They could follow pointing gestures without training

10. A) Cultivating them to be intelligent creatures. a
   B) Training them to behave like domesticated dogs.
   C) Understanding how humans impact their behavior.
   D) Taking measures to reduce their numbers

11. A) Tame them through repeated training
   B) Treat them with sensitivity and respect
   C) Make them responsive to our commands. )
   D) Watch their behavior and try to improve it

12. A) The temperature inside it varies from place to place
   B) Proper placement facilitates access to food products
   C) Its different shelves are designed for different purposes
   D) The space in an average fridge changes from top to bottom

13. A) To slow the rising of temperature. in it
   B) To provide a big box of evenly cold air
   C) To prevent germs from growing quickly
   D) To keep the food cold as long as possible

14. A) On the top shelf.
   B) In the middle section
   C) On the inside of its doors
   D) . At the back of its bottom shelf

15. A) They will be extra-chilly. °
   B) They will be hard to defrost
   C) . They will be contaminated.
   D) They willbe ruined

16. A) Chronic depression. ,
   B) Growing feebleness.
   C) Hip fracture. .
   D) Fatal infections

17. A) It feels real and relevant
   B) It contributes to psychology. “ , 7
   C) It outcompetes lots of academics’ research. |
   D) It wins recognition outside of Birmingham

18. A) By bringing together experts old and young. a
   B) By counting on advanced modern technology
   C) By making full use of her expertise
   D) By combining multiple perspectives

19. A) They don’t teach basic. organization. ee
   B) They don’t focus on teaching techniques
   C) They attach little importance to recipes
   D) They hire very few distinguished chefs

20. A) It’s unique to celebrity chefs. | : |
   B) It’s a way of transformation
   C) It’s too demanding for them.
   D) It’s a way of life to them

21. A) Respect others so as to be respected.
   B) Use time and resources in a wise way
   C) Cultivate a habit of self-discipline.
   D) Learn from philosophers earnestly

22. A) The motive for hard work. ,
   B) The reason for stagnation
   C) The basis for self-improvement
   D) The justification for self-confidence.

23. A) Feel confidence, happiness and satisfaction
   B) Believe they have achieved their life goals
   C) Use a key tool for setting ambitious goals. 7
   D) Stop imagining further progress in life

24. A) We feel we are always falling behind others
   B) We have to adapt to the ever-changing goal
   C) There are various misconceptions about goal setting
   D) There are always problems with the goal originally set

25. A) A noticeable change in the number of goals to achieve
   B) Measuring always against the gap rather than the gain
   C) Measuring where we’ve come from instead of measuring against the goal
   D) A proper conception of what we fail to notice in trying to achieve our goals
