1. A) Met the computer technician.
   B) Told the man about her trouble
   C) Call the man’s company
   D) Visit Alpha Maintenance

2. A) Consulted someone in charge
   B) Came as soon as possible
   C) Informed the central office at once
   D) Designated an engineer to the case

3. A) Frustration
   B) Intimidation.
   C) Desperation
   D) Indignation

4. A) Whether the content has been backed up
   B) Whether they can find someone else
   C) Whether all data stored on the hard drive has got lost
   D) Whether they need to wipe the system directories clean

5. A) It’s boring
   B) It’s challenging.
   C) It’s a beautiful thing.
   D) It’s unlike most jobs

6. A) Arbitrating between disagreeing solicitors
   B) Preventing disputes from escalating
   C) Buying and selling property
   D) Mediating land disputes

7. A) Courts are intended for fixing major legal disputes
   B) Courts are getting too bureaucratic to function
   C) Courts can be frustrating and expensive
   D) Courts can be frightening and arbitrary. ;

8. A) The ability to make arguments in a unique way
   B) The skill of preventing conflicts between parties concerned. )
   C) The skill of foreseeing any potential stakes in their work
   D) The ability to express themselves clearly and forcefully

9. A) They looked into the relationship between one’s prior knowledge and creativity
   B) They offered novel ways to help older adults to keep their memories from aging
   C) They proposed an explanation for old people’s difficulty in retrieving memories
   D) They advanced a new model concerning human information storage and retrieval.

10. A) Young adults rely on memory while older adults keep notes as a reminder.
   B) Older adults often retrieve irrelevant memories along with what they want
   C) Young adults accumulate knowledge much more quickly than older adults.
   D) Older adults generally perform cognitive tasks much slower than young adults

11. A) They show preserved, and sometimes enhanced, creativity.
   B) They frequently suffer from disorderly crowded memories
   C) They can rely on their accumulated wisdom in an emergency
   D) They may well be served by forgetting their prior knowledge

12. A) They are actually proud of the goods and services they produce
   B) They are worried about being alienated from the outside world
   C) They are rarely in control of many things related to their work
   D) They are longing to share the profit made from their work

13. A) The steady decrease in productivity. .
   B) The adverse effect on physical health. .
   C) The feeling of being time poor.
   D) The rising economic inequality

14. A) It alters the structure of work
   B) It puts jobs and wages at risk
   C) It liberates people from tedious and laborious work
   D) It creates new work opportunities in the IT industry

15. A) Finding meaning in work. © eee of Og
   B) Prioritizing life over work.
   C) Improving relationships in the community.
   D) Realizing one’s social value in the workplace. a

16. A) Affect our attitude to novel tasks
   B) Distinguish us in the social world. '
   C) Outweigh IQ in importance
   D) Impact academic achievements

17. A) By pressing a hidden button. a | . 7 ’
   B) By pushing a big button on top. - .. a
   C) By pressing two buttons at the same time.
   D) By helping the babies push the right button

18. A) Perform difficult tasks successfully just by observing how adults acted. a .
   B) Make generalizable inferences about persistence froma few examples. oo
   C) Adapt themselves to different social contexts. | ) 3
   D) Work hard to interact with experimenters. |

19. A) Offering advice. on overcoming habitual lateness. He )
   B) Exemplifying various recreational opportunities. - nay
   C) Scrutinizing individuals’ defining traits. ee
   D) Suggesting ways for setting priorities. _ : a

20. A) Make the breakfast simpler. '
   B) . Take the alarms seriously.
   C) Ready yourself in the early dawn
   D) Get prepared the night before

21. A) Finish the prior task 30 minutes earlier
   B) Keep ourselves from hitting a bump
   C) Leave time in between activities
   D) Try to avoid possible hold-ups

22. A) Their lifestyles vary
   B) Their traits vary.
   C) They have different customs.
   D) They have different feels

23. A) They are not as willing to help strangers. .
   B) They are not as patient with one another.
   C) They violate traffic rules more frequently.
   D) They become more easily irritated in public.

24. A) It was practiced by Boston’s founding fathers
   B) It is not deemed exotic by Proper Bostonians
   C) It was adopted by Boston’s upper class.
   D) It is not part of Boston’s local culture

25. A) Stick to its own way of showing courtesy to strangers
   B) Follow the examples set by Paris and New York City.
   C) Learn from the world’s major cities in promoting tourism
   D) Take pride in its history and adhere to its cultural tradition.
