1. A) A driving test
   B) A video game
   C) Traffic routes
   D) Cargo logistics

2. A) He found it instructive and realistic
   B) He bought it when touring Europe
   C) He was really drawn to its other versions
   D) He introduced it to his brother last year

3. A) Traveling all over the country
   B) Driving from one city to another
   C) The details in the driving simulator
   D) The key role of the logistics industry

4. A) Clearer road signs
   B) More people driving safely
   C) Stricter traffic rules
   D) More self-driving trucks on the road

5. A) It isn’t so enjoyable as he expected
   B) It isn’t so motivating as he believed
   C) It doesn’t enable him to eam as much money as he used to
   D) It doesn’t seem to offer as much freedom as he anticipated

6. A) Not all of them care about their employees’ behaviors
   B) Few of them are aware of their employees’ feelings
   C) Few of them offer praise and reward to their employees
   D) Not all of them lnow how to motivate their employees

7. A) Job satisfaction
   B) Self-awareness
   C) Autonomy
   D) Money

8. A) The importance of cultivating close relationships with clients
   B) The need for getting recommendations from their managers
   C) The advantages of permanent full-time employment
   D) The way to explore employees’ interests and talents

9. A) Consumers visualize their activities in different weather
   B) Good weather triggers consumers’ desire to go shopping
   C) Weather conditions influence consumers’ buying behavior
   D) Consumers’ mental states change with the prices of goods

10. A) Active consumption
   B) Direct correlation
   C) Individual association
   D) Mental visualization

11. A) Enabling them to simplify their mathematical formulas
   B) Helping them determine what to sell and at what price
   C) Enabling them to sell their products at a higher price
   D) Helping them advertise a greater variety of products

12. A) A naturally ventilated office is more comfortable
   B) A cool office will boost employees’ productivity
   C) Office air-conditioning should follow guidebooks
   D) Air-conditioning improves ventilation in the office

13. A) People in their comfort zone of temperature are more satisfied with their productivity
   B) People in different countries vary in their tolerance to uncomfortable temperatures
   C) Twenty-two degrees is the optimal temperature for office workers
   D) There is a range of temperatures for people to feel comfortable

14. A) It will have no negative impact on work
   B) It will be immediately noticeable
   C) It will sharply decrease work efficiency
   D) It will cause a lot of discomfort

15. A) They tend to favor lower temperatures
   B) They suffer from rapid temperature changes
   C) They are not bothered by temperature extremes
   D) They become less sensitive to high temperatures

16. A) It overlooked the possibility that emotions may be controlled
   B) It ignored the fact that emotions are personal and subjective
   C) It classified emotions simply as either positive or negative
   D) It measured positive and negative emotions independently

17. A) Sitting alone without doing anything seemed really distressing
   B) Solitude adversely affected the participants’ mental well-being
   C) Sitting alone for 15 minutes made the participants restless
   D) Solitude had a reductive effect on high-arousal emotions

18. A) It proved hard to depict objectively
   B) It went hand in hand with sadness
   C) It helped increase low-arousal emotions
   D) It tended to intensify negative emotions

19. A) It uses up much less energy than it does in deep thinking
   B) It remains inactive without burning calories noticeably
   C) It continues to burn up calories to help us stay in shape
   D) It consumes almost a quarter of the body’s total energy

20. A) Much of the consumption has nothing to do with conscious activities
   B) It has something to do with the difficulty of the activities in question
   C) Energy usage devoted to active learning accounts for a big part of it
   D) A significant amount of it is for performing difficult cognitive tasks

21. A) It is believed to remain basically constant
   B) It is a prerequisite for any mental activity
   C) It is conducive to relieving mental exhaustion
   D) It is thought to be related to food consumption

22. A) Job candidates rarely take it seriously
   B) Job seekers tend to have a ready answer
   C) Job seekers often feel at a loss where to start in answering it
   D) Job candidates can respond freely due to its open-ended nature

23. A) Follow their career coaches’ guidelines
   B) Strive to take control of their narrative
   C) Do their best to impress the interviewer
   D) Repeat the information on their résumé

24. A) To reflect on their past achievements as well as failures
   B) To produce examples for different interview questions
   C) To discuss important details they are going to present
   D) To identify a broad general strength to elaborate on

25. A) Getting acquainted with the human resources personnel
   B) Finding out why the company provides the job opening
   C) Figuring out what benefits the company is able to offer them
   D) Tailoring their expectations to the company’s long-term goal
