1. A) Her house has not been repaired in time
   B) She has failed to reach the manager again
   C) Her claim has been completely disregarded
   D) She has not received any letter from the man

2. A) The ground floor of their cottage was flooded
   B) Their caravan was washed away by the flood
   C) Their entire house was destroyed by the flood
   D) The roof of their cottage collapsed in the flood

3. A) The woman’s misreading of the insurance company’s letter
   B) The woman’s ignorance of the insurance company’s policy
   C) The woman’s inaccurate description of the whole incident
   D) The woman’s failure to pay her house insurance in time

4. A) File a lawsuit against the insurance company
   B) Talk to the manager of Safe House Insurance
   C) Consult her lawyer about the insurance policy
   D) Revise the terms and conditions of the contract

5. A) They work in different fields of AI technology
   B) They disagree about the future of AI technology
   C) They differ greatly in their knowledge of modern technology
   D) They are both worried about the negative impact of technology

6. A) Simply writing AI software
   B) Stimulating and motivating
   C) Less time-consuming and focusing on creation
   D) More demanding and requiring special training.

7. A) There could be jobs nobody wants to do
   B) Digital life could replace human civilization
   C) Humans would be tired of communicating with one another
   D) Old people would be taken care of solely by unfeeling robots

8. A) Life will become like a science fiction film
   B) It will take away humans’ jobs altogether
   C) Chips will be inserted in human brains
   D) It will be smarter than human beings

9. A) Restrain themselves from high-risk investments
   B) Save one-fifth of their net monthly income
   C) Invest shrewdly in lucrative businesses
   D) Try to earn as much money as possible

10. A) Start by doing something small
   B) Ask a close friend for advice
   C) Try to stick to their initial plan
   D) Cut 20% of their daily spending

11. A) An optimistic attitude
   B) An ambitious plan
   C) A proper mindset
   D) A keen interest

12. A) She was uninterested in advertising
   B) She found her outfit inappropriate
   C) She was unhappy with fashion trends
   D) She often checked herself in a mirror

13. A) To save the trouble of choosing a unique outfit every day
   B) To meet the expectations of fashion-conscious clients
   C) To keep up with the current trends
   D) To save the expenses on clothing

14. A) It enhances people’s ability to work independently
   B) It helps people succeed in whatever they are doing
   C) It matters a lot in jobs involving interaction with others
   D) It boosts one’s confidence when looking for employment

15. A) Design their own uniform to appear unique
   B) Wear classic pieces to impress their clients
   C) Fight the ever-changing trends in fashion
   D) Do whatever is possible to look smart

16. A) Their obsession with consumption
   B) Their failure to accumulate wealth
   C) The ever-increasing costs of housing
   D) The deterioration of the environment

17. A) Things that are rare to find
   B) Things that cost less money
   C) Things that boost efficiency
   D) Things that we cherish most

18. A) They serve multiple purposes
   B) They benefit the environment
   C) They are mostly durable
   D) They are easily disposable

19. A) All respondents were afraid of making a high expense claim
   B) A number of respondents gave an average answer of 400 miles
   C) Over 10% of the respondents lied about the distance they drove
   D) Most of the respondents got compensated for driving 384 miles

20. A) They responded to colleagues’ suspicion
   B) They cared about other people’s claims
   C) They wanted to protect their reputation
   D) They endeavored to actually be honest

21. A) They seem positive
   B) They seem intuitive
   C) They are illustrative
   D) They are conclusive

22. A) Deterioration in the quality of new music
   B) Insights into the features of good music
   C) Older people’s changing musical tastes
   D) Older people’s aversion to new music

23. A) They no longer listen to new music
   B) They find all music sounds the same
   C) They can make subtle distinctions about music
   D) They seldom listen to songs released in their teens

24. A) The more you are exposed to something, the more familiar it'll be to you
   B) The more you are exposed to something, the deeper you'll understand it
   C) The more you experience something, the longer you'll remember it
   D) The more you experience something, the better you'll appreciate it

25. A) Teenagers’ memories are more lasting
   B) Teenagers’ emotions are more intense
   C) Teenagers are much more sensitive
   D) Teenagers are much more sentimental
