1. A) Itis clear that he is expected to enjoy a healthy life
   B) There is nothing wrong with his digestive system
   C) There is some indication of an issue with his blood circulation
   D) He doesn’t know he has long been suffering from poor health

2. A) Mistaking symptoms of illness for stress
   B) Complaining they are being overworked
   C) Being unaware of the stress they are under
   D) Suffering from illness without recognising it

3. A) Prescribe some medication for him
   B) Give him another physical check-up
   C) Explain to him the common consequence of stress
   D) Buy some sleeping pills for him from the drugstore

4. A) It calls for responsible management
   B) It proves to be quite profitable
   C) It is remarkably promising
   D) It is full of competition

5. A) To avoid being in the limelight
   B) To seek medical help for his injury
   C) To pursue a less competitive career
   D) To stay away from his hostile teammates

6. A) It has ups and downs
   B) It proves rewarding
   C) It does not last long
   D) It is not so profitable

7. A) He was a financial advisor
   B) He suffered from poor health
   C) He became a basketball coach
   D) He was back in the news

8. A) Study issues of public health
   B) Alleviate the obesity problem
   C) Raise sufficient public funding
   D) Train young basketball players

9. A) When she started teaching at Edinburgh University in Scotland
   B) While she was doing her doctoral studies on American Literature
   C) After publishing her first novel Behind the Scenes at the Museum
   D) After winning the 1986 Woman’s Own Short Story Competition

10. A) The themes of love and loss
   B) The code of human behaviour
   C) The sins and flaws of eccentrics
   D) The manners of fashionable circles

11. A) They are usually ignorant of complex human relations
   B) They successfully imitate the manners of celebrities
   C) They often get rewarded instead of being punished
   D) They are generally looked down upon in society

12. A) It is what members use to alleviate tension in a team
   B) It is what employers are increasingly seeking after
   C) It is conducive to getting over a recession
   D) It is necessary for learning a new task

13. A) Make better choices
   B) Follow innovative ideas
   C) Achieve recognition duly
   D) Accumulate work experience

14. A) Workers show more emotional intelligence
   B) Workers use brains more than muscles
   C) People usually work flexible hours
   D) People often work in teams

15. A) Leave the group as soon as possible
   B) Anticipate setbacks well in advance
   C) Decide on new priorities speedily
   D) Stick to original goals confidently

16. A) What differentiates people from animals
   B) Why philosophers disagree with scientists
   C) Where humans’ great cognitive capacity originates
   D) When being creative becomes a biological mandate

17. A) It is what tells apart two adjacent generations
   B) It is what sharpens our appetite for novelty
   C) It is something only geniuses can achieve
   D) It is something every human being can do

18. A) It seeks inspiration for novel inventions
   B) It constantly absorbs new information
   C) It uses existing ideas to create new ones
   D) It repeats precedent on a regular basis

19. A) Dogs know when their owners are not feeling well
   B) Dogs have the cognition for telling right from wrong
   C) Dogs have an aptitude for developing skills to interact with humans
   D) Dogs know when their human companions can no longer stand them

20. A) They can readily detect different ill smells of viruses
   B) They can easily tell what bacteria cause odor change
   C) They are particularly sensitive to strange smells
   D) They have an extremely powerful sense of smell

21. A) It can ensure owners suffer fewer chronic diseases
   B) It can benefit owners both physically and mentally
   C) It can reduce owners’ risk of getting cancer or diabetes
   D) It can alert owners to the seriousness of their conditions

22. A) Crack down on courses like science, technology, engineering and math
   B) Restrict the ability of creative arts courses to recruit new students
   C) Look at how to reform technical and vocational education
   D) Ensure creative arts students get better value for money

23. A) Seemingly reasonable
   B) Clearly well-grounded
   C) Extremely irrational
   D) Apparently simplistic

24. A) A high proportion of them haven’t tried to save money
   B) Most of them never hope to buy a house or to retire
   C) Forty percent of them earn less than £25,000 a year
   D) The majority of them have fairly well-paying jobs

25. A) The context of a bank balance
   B) Britain’s economy as a whole
   C) The specific degree a student earns
   D) Britain’s defective educational system
