1. A) Renting a car instead of driving their own
   B) Surfing online to check out the best deals
   C) Exploring more summer holiday resorts
   D) Spending their holidays in a novel way

2. A) He once owned a van
   B) He was well travelled
   C) He did not find holiday homes appealing
   D) He did not like to be locked into one place

3. A) Ensure the safety of passengers
   B) Drive under any weather condition
   C) Receive instructions via computers
   D) Generate their own electricity

4. A) Having one’s basic needs covered while away from home
   B) Enjoying the freedom to choose where to go and work
   C) Slowing down in one’s increasingly hectic life
   D) Riding one’s mountain bike on vacation

5. A) She has missed several important appointments lately
   B) Her job performance has worsened over the past month
   C) She has lagged behind most of her co-workers in output
   D) Her physical health has deteriorated these past few weeks

6. A) Serious health issues
   B) Disturbance of her mind
   C) Some problems at home
   D) Penalty for curtailed output

7. A) The woman’s work proficiency
   B) The woman’s whole-hearted support
   C) His engaging personality
   D) His management capability

8. A) The woman will resume her work in two weeks
   B) The man will be back at his 100% in a couple of weeks
   C) The woman will be off work on the next two Mondays
   D) The man will help the woman get back to her usual self

9. A) It can have an impact on our moods and emotions
   B) It can enable us to live a healthier and longer life
   C) It can improve our financial status significantly
   D) It can help us achieve better work performance

10. A) One’s health tends to differ before and after marriage
   B) One’s health status is related to one’s social background
   C) The wealthier one’s spouse is, the healthier one becomes
   D) The spouse’s level of education can impact one’s health

11. A) They benefited a lot from their career achievements
   B) They showed interest in their spouse’s occupations
   C) They had much in common with their spouses
   D) They had more education than their spouses

12. A) Eliminating their root cause
   B) Forecasting flood risks accurately
   C) Identifying the cities’ geological features
   D) Finding out the changing climate patterns

13. A) To validate his hypothesis about the gravity of floods
   B) To determine the frequency of high tides causing floods
   C) To improve his mathematical flooding model
   D) To see the feasibility of his project on flooding

14. A) To study the consequences of high tides on flooded areas
   B) To teach local citizens how to collect data of incoming floods
   C) To forecast rapid floods in real time
   D) To classify the flooding data processed

15. A) They set up Internet-connected water-level sensors
   B) They tracked the rising tides with video-cameras
   C) They used newly-developed supercomputing facilities
   D) They observed the direction of water flow on the spot

16. A) To argue about the value of a college degree
   B) To debate the validity of current survey data
   C) To account for the drastic decline in employment among men
   D) To compare men without college degrees with those who have

17. A) The increase in women taking up jobs
   B) The issue of changing job requirements
   C) The factor of wages
   D) The impact of inflation

18. A) Men’s unwillingness to accept low wages in times of growing inflation
   B) The wage gap between those with college degrees and those without
   C) More jobs requiring their holders to have a college degree nowadays
   D) The sharp decline in marriage among men with no college degrees

19. A) More and more people attach importance to protecting endangered animals
   B) More and more people prioritize animal welfare when buying things to wear
   C) An increasing number of people demand to free animals being kept in cages
   D) An increasing number of people follow the latest trend of becoming vegetarians

20. A) Avoided the use of leather and fur
   B) Labelled all their products as vegan
   C) Refrained from using chemicals in their products
   D) Utilized a silk substitute made from mushrooms

21. A) Whether they actually signify a substantial change
   B) Whether they effectively protect animals at large
   C) Whether they can be considered sustainable
   D) Whether they can be regarded as ethical

22. A) The era we live in is the most peaceful in history
   B) The world has seen more violence in recent years
   C) The environmental welfare has worsened in the world
   D) The belief is less prevalent that the world is going to hell

23. A) They were actually not in their right mind
   B) They believed the world was deteriorating
   C) They did not wish to live in the previous century
   D) They were convinced by the statistics presented to them

24. A) The subjectivity of mass media
   B) The current state of affairs
   C) Our psychological biases
   D) Our ancestors’ influence

25. A) Spreading exciting news around us far and wide.
   B) Vacuuming up depressing or enraging stories
   C) Calculating dangerous risks to our survival
   D) Paying attention to negative information
