1. A) Magazine reporter
   B) Fashion designer
   C) Website designer
   D) Features editor

2. A) Designing sports clothing
   B) Consulting fashion experts
   C) Answering daily emails
   D) Interviewing job-seekers

3. A) It is challenging
   B) It is fascinating
   C) It is tiresome
   D) It is fashionable

4. A) Her persistence
   B) Her experience
   C) Her competence
   D) Her confidence

5. A) It is enjoyable
   B) It is educational
   C) It is divorced from real life
   D) It is adapted from a drama

6. A) All the roles are played by famous actors and actresses
   B) It is based on the real-life experiences of some celebrities
   C) Its plots and events reveal a lot about Frankie's actual life
   D) It is written, directed, edited and produced by Frankie himself

7. A) Go to the theater and enjoy it
   B) Recommend it to her friends
   C) Watch it with the man
   D) Download and watch it

8. A) It has drawn criticisms from scientists
   B) It has been showing for over a decade
   C) It is a ridiculous piece of satire
   D) It is against common sense

9. A) They are likely to get injured when moving too fast
   B) They believe in team spirit for good performance
   C) They need to keep moving to avoid getting hurt
   D) They have to learn how to avoid body contact

10. A) They do not have many years to live after retirement
   B) They tend to live a longer life with early retirement
   C) They do not start enjoying life until full retirement
   D) They keep themselves busy even after retirement

11. A) It prevents us from worrying
   B) It slows down our aging process
   C) It enables us to accomplish more in life
   D) It provides us with more chances to learn

12. A) It tends to dwell upon their joyous experiences
   B) It wanders for almost half of their waking time
   C) It has trouble concentrating after a brain injury
   D) It tends to be affected by their negative feelings

13. A) To find how happiness relates to daydreaming
   B) To observe how one's mind affects one's behavior
   C) To see why daydreaming impacts what one is doing
   D) To study the relation between health and daydreaming

14. A) It helps them make good decisions
   B) It helps them tap their potentials
   C) It contributes to their creativity
   D) It contributes to clear thinking

15. A) Subjects with clear goals in mind outperformed those without clear goals
   B) The difference in performance between the two groups was insignificant
   C) Non-daydreamers were more focused on their tasks than daydreamers
   D) Daydreamers did better than non-daydreamers in task performance

16. A) They are the oldest buildings in Europe
   B) They are part of the Christian tradition
   C) They are renovated to attract tourists
   D) They are in worsening condition

17. A) They have a history of 14 centuries
   B) They are 40 metres tall on average
   C) They are without foundations
   D) They consist of several storeys

18. A) Wood was harmonious with nature
   B) Wooden buildings kept the cold out
   C) Timber was abundant in Scandinavia
   D) The Vikings liked wooden structures

19. A) Similarities between human babies and baby animals
   B) Cognitive features of different newly born mammals
   C) Adults' influence on children
   D) Abilities of human babies

20. A) They can distinguish a happy tune from a sad one
   B) They love happy melodies more than sad ones
   C) They fall asleep easily while listening to music
   D) They are already sensitive to beats and rhythms

21. A) Infants' facial expressions
   B) Babies' emotions
   C) Babies' interaction with adults
   D) Infants' behaviors

22. A) It may harm the culture of today's workplace
   B) It may hinder individual career advancement
   C) It may result in unwillingness to take risks
   D) It may put too much pressure on team members

23. A) They can hardly give expression to their original views
   B) They can become less motivated to do projects of their own
   C) They may find it hard to get their contributions recognized
   D) They may eventually lose their confidence and creativity

24. A) They can enlarge their professional circle
   B) They can get chances to engage in research
   C) They can make the best use of their expertise
   D) They can complete the project more easily

25. A) It may cause lots of arguments in a team
   B) It may prevent making a timely decision
   C) It may give rise to a lot of unnecessary expenses
   D) It may deprive a team of business opportunities
