1. A) It focuses exclusively on jazz
   B) It sponsors major jazz concerts
   C) It has several branches in London
   D) It displays albums by new music talents

2. A) It originated with cowboys
   B) Its market has now shrunk
   C) Its listeners are mostly young people
   D) It remains as widespread as hip hop music

3. A) Its definition is varied and complicated
   B) It is still going through experimentation
   C) It is frequently accompanied by singing
   D) Its style has remained largely unchanged

4. A) Learn to play them
   B) Take music lessons
   C) Listen to them yourself
   D) Consult jazz musicians

5. A) She paid her mortgage
   B) She called on the man
   C) She made a business plan
   D) She went to the bank

6. A) Her previous debt hadn't been cleared yet
   B) Her credit history was considered poor
   C) She had apparently asked for too much
   D) She didn't pay her mortgage in time

7. A) Pay a debt long overdue
   B) Buy a piece of property
   C) Start her own business
   D) Check her credit history

8. A) Seek advice from an expert about fundraising
   B) Ask for smaller loans from different lenders
   C) Build up her own finances step by step
   D) Revise her business proposal carefully

9. A) It is profitable and environmentally friendly
   B) It is well located and completely automated
   C) It is small and unconventional
   D) It is fertile and productive

10. A) Their urge to make farming more enjoyable
   B) Their desire to improve farming equipment
   C) Their hope to revitalize traditional farming
   D) Their wish to set a new farming standard

11. A) It saves a lot of electricity
   B) It needs little maintenance
   C) It causes hardly any pollution
   D) It loosens soil while weeding

12. A) It has turned certain insects into a new food source
   B) It has started to expand business outside the UK
   C) It has imported some exotic foods from overseas
   D) It has joined hands with Sainsbury's to sell pet insects

13. A) It was really unforgettable
   B) It was a pleasant surprise
   C) It hurt his throat slightly
   D) It made him feel strange

14. A) They are more tasty than beef, chicken or pork
   B) They are more nutritious than soups and salads
   C) They contain more protein than conventional meats
   D) They will soon gain popularity throughout the world

15. A) It is environmentally friendly
   B) It is a promising industry
   C) It requires new technology
   D) It saves huge amounts of labour

16. A) To categorize different types of learners
   B) To find out what students prefer to learn
   C) To understand the mechanism of the human brain
   D) To see if they are inherent traits affecting learning

17. A) It was defective
   B) It was misguided
   C) It was original in design
   D) It was thought-provoking

18. A) Auditory aids are as important as visual aids
   B) Visual aids are helpful to all types of learners
   C) Reading plain texts is more effective than viewing pictures
   D) Scientific concepts are hard to understand without visual aids

19. A) Not playing a role in a workplace revolution
   B) Not benefiting from free-market capitalism
   C) Not earning enough money to provide for the family
   D) Not spending enough time on family life and leisure

20. A) People would be working only fifteen hours a week now
   B) The balance of power in the workplace would change
   C) Technological advances would create many new jobs
   D) Most workers could afford to have house of their own

21. A) Loss of workers' personal dignity
   B) Deprivation of workers' creativity
   C) Deterioration of workers' mental health
   D) Unequal distribution of working hours

22. A) It is the worst managed airport in German history
   B) It is now the biggest and busiest airport in Europe
   C) It has become something of a joke among Germans
   D) It has become a typical symbol of German efficiency

23. A) The city's airports are outdated
   B) The city had just been reunified
   C) The city wanted to boost its economy
   D) The city wanted to attract more tourists

24. A) The municipal government kept changing hands
   B) The construction finn breached the contract
   C) Shortage of funding delayed its construction
   D) Problems of different kinds kept popping up

25. A) Tourism industry in Berlin suffers
   B) All kinds of equipment gets rusted
   C) Huge maintenance costs accumulate
   D) Complaints by local residents increase
